[['I would like to share my experience one by one.DELIVERY EXPERIENCE - Too Fast ( Max 2 Days for Mumbai location )INSTALLATION - Within 6 Hrs after delivery ( In 6 Hrs during Covid Time)DELIVERY FACILITY - Shipped in 3rd Floor without having lift ( No extra pay) At your doorPACKEGING - Good Packeging with extra tharmocol from all side for safety. So its avoide unnecessary denting. Keep your machine safe during shipment. ( especially in Amazon )BUILD QUALITY - Superior Quality with having nice color Specially Drum & upper glass giving premium look.AUTOMATIC FUNCTION -Wash the cloth within 40 Minutes.Automatic Water SupplyNo error in System Program or function.Ideal for 4 to 5 person family.AVAILABLE MODE ( see pictures for detail)Normal ModeQuick washDelicatesSoak+NormalEnergy savingEco tube cleanAlso Mansoon function availableDaimand cylindrical drum help to keep clean your cloth and easy to dry.Now comes to the questions1) Does it hook up to kitchen sink?YES it does2) Is it easy to read and work the control panel?YES it is.3) Could you use it at your bathroom sink as well?YES you can.4) Does it leak?NO it does not leak - simply ensure your hoses are securely connected.5) Is it loud?NO it is not loud at all and will NOT disturb your neighbors.6) Does is spin well?YES it spins exceptionally well, so well you could simply hang your clothes on hangers to dryovernight if you do not have a dryer!7) How does the washer drain and is there a drain hose included? YES there is a drain hose included. This is a long white plastic hose connected to the bottom left when facing the washer - this hose runs up and over and into the sink, it is more than long enough for a kitchen counter8) How long does it take to do a full load of laundry?Start to finish is 44 minutes for a full large load and approx.14 to 25 minutes for the quick smaller loads.9) What electrical outlet do I need?standard home three-pronged is ok as its available in everyone home. ( No need to setup extra yhings)10) Can I wash sheets and blankets?Definitely.11) Can I use liquid detergent?YES you can.12) Can I use powdered detergent?YES you can.13) Can I use fabric softener?Yes you can.OVERALL EXPERIENCE -I Bought especially due to best seller product. Having perfect to my 4 member family. Weight is lightwright. Looking premium as compare to any others.Ad per my opinion The brand trust is most important in such high range valuble things because whenever you required service it should be NEAR TO YOUR LOCATION as well as the parts availability and the service should be really important factor.As per my view SAMSUNG have the capability to make trust from a long years with there service as compare to others as well as personally I really love there services as they treat with there customers.', "I recently purchased the Samsung 7 kg Fully-Automatic Top Loading Washing Machine (model WA70A4002GS/TL) in the beautiful Imperial Silver color, and I must say it has exceeded my expectations. This washing machine has proven to be a reliable workhorse, simplifying my laundry routine and delivering excellent cleaning performance. Here's my detailed review of this appliance:Design and Build Quality:The Imperial Silver color of the machine gives it a sleek and modern appearance, effortlessly blending into any contemporary home decor. The top-loading design is incredibly convenient, allowing easy access to the drum. The build quality is solid, and it feels durable, assuring me that it will withstand regular use for years to come.Capacity and Efficiency:With a 7 kg capacity, this washing machine is suitable for small to medium-sized families. It accommodates a decent amount of laundry in a single load, saving both time and energy. The appliance is energy-efficient, and I have noticed a significant reduction in my utility bills since I started using it.Performance and Cleaning Results:The washing machine's fully-automatic functionality offers hassle-free operation. The drum's unique design ensures optimal water flow and thorough cleaning of clothes. I've been impressed with the cleaning results so far, as it effectively removes stains and dirt, leaving my clothes fresh and odor-free.Multiple Wash Programs:The Samsung WA70A4002GS/TL provides a wide range of wash programs to cater to different fabric types and laundry needs. From gentle cycles for delicate garments to intense cleaning for heavily soiled clothes, there's a program for every situation. The intuitive control panel makes it easy to select the desired program and customize settings as per my preference.Convenience and Features:This washing machine is packed with convenient features that enhance the overall user experience. The digital display shows the remaining wash time, allowing me to plan my day accordingly. The machine also offers a delay start option, which enables me to set the wash cycle to start later, fitting my schedule. The built-in lint filter efficiently captures lint and ensures that my clothes come out lint-free.Quiet Operation:One standout feature of this washing machine is its quiet operation. Even during high-speed spins, it produces minimal noise, allowing me to carry on with other activities without disturbance.Conclusion:In conclusion, the Samsung 7 kg Fully-Automatic Top Loading Washing Machine (WA70A4002GS/TL) in Imperial Silver has proven to be an excellent investment. Its sleek design, reliable performance, and efficient cleaning results make it a reliable workhorse in my laundry room. With its versatile wash programs and convenient features, it caters to all my laundry needs. If you're looking for a top-loading washing machine that combines functionality, durability, and efficiency, I highly recommend considering this Samsung model.", "This is a very basic washing machine one can use for daily purpose... it doesn't have advance features at all... all you can do is quick wash and normal wash... it's working as expected and fulfilling our basic need.. so happy with the purchase.. also the service was prompt", 'Overall good quality product, simple, easy to use .', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Wonderful washing machine', 'It first does not look like 7kg machine that is first. Quick and sound less operation is the next best. Third is good quality wash.', 'Product is great ... But quality of wash could not impress me.', 'I am reviewing this product after use of more than 1 month. The product is really good.', "I recently purchased the Samsung 6.5 kg top load washing machine and I'm happy with my purchase. The machine is priced competitively and offers great value for money. While it may not have as many features as some of the more expensive front-load machines, it gets the job done and is perfect for my basic washing needs. The washing machine is easy to operate, and I appreciate the simplicity of its design. It has been effective in cleaning most stains, although it does struggle with tougher stains. However, given its price range, I feel it's the best option available. If you have a slightly higher budget, you can explore other brands with additional features. Overall, I'm satisfied with the performance of this washing machine and would recommend it to anyone looking for an affordable and reliable option."], ['Bought a top load (rather than a front load) for the first time. No complaints', 'Today completed 1 yr . No complaints , No fault. Value of money product', 'One of my friend recommended washing machine. Here is my take away with the product.- Noise very low.- Easy to use.- Good for 3/4 peoples family.- Can do heavy washing without any trouble.ThanksANP :)', 'Good product value for money', 'Very good product', 'value to the money', 'Good product also nice quality', 'बहुत अच्छी है ये वाशिंग मशीन', 'Nice washing machine', 'Awesome👏👏👏👏.'], ['Yes I like it. It’s saves my time and washes clothes friendly. It’s also do all work with one click.', 'Washing Machine excellent working washing quality was good all shut by samsung', 'Ontime delivery by Amazon, service engineer visited ontime and given instructions to operate with different functions, working fine with no issues.', 'Mast hai', 'Delivered and provided installation on time', 'Awesome quality', 'Good quality Samsung washing machine Samsung always maintaining its brand value. Keep it up', 'The product is great and doesn’t give any problem', 'Missing part in my washing machine order', 'Good silent machine for small family,'], ['Working as expected without any issues. Service engineer was also helpful.', 'Super', 'Good product with the reliability of the brand.Recommended of go to a store and look for options and then buy it online for offers.', 'Online buying, free delivery and free instalation.time to Reached. Feedback calling.servies advicer. Happy 7kgs. Top load 😁 . TQ Amazon. Good 👍😊 Quality time safety. Happy.', 'Best in category 😁', 'Good product', 'Great and under the budget', 'Nice', 'Like this product', 'Valuable one'], ['Like this product', 'Excellent product in budget easy to use. Using since past 4 years no issue with product', 'Awesome ☺️.You can blindly go for this product 👍', 'Better use product', 'We are very happy with this choice of washing machine! It does the job well. I like the fact, that you can choose the amount of water it will fill up before it starts and regulate the time accordingly!Great value for money and quality of the product!The service center reacted very fast with the installation as well', 'Very easy to operate and friendly sensor', 'NA', 'Go for it', "Samsung has always been a trustworthy brand, so this washing machine fulfils Samsung tradition of good products. Very good machine. In fact, I wanted to go for the same model of w/m with a  reddish top, but the price was then higher by ₹3300/-! Which was later reduced significantly.Such price rigging by online sellers is something disgusting and makes you change your decisions. Amazon should control this, it's more rampant now🤔", "I have been using this from 2 months and it's working very fine. I purchased it on sale and I got it in very reasonable rate as compared to offline."], ['Good product thanks you Amazon', 'Time par delivery', 'Good product', 'Video Player is loading.', 'Washer does a nice job, very easy to use. The installation tech was very nice and explained everything about the machine. Would recommend for basic washer.', 'Amazing', 'Good', 'After use less than 10 times its manufacturing defects have come forward', 'So far a good performance machine.', 'Inlet and out let pipes are very short'], ["i have been using it since 2 month.1) doesnt make much noise.2) simplified controls, doesnt really have many options just has what you actually use.3) This price range its great valueon Water level as 5, it doesn't dry much, try to keep fews cloths less when doing max water leveland atlast.. if i want if to simply spin, i dont know why it thinks for 2min and then starts spinning... it weirdly does this on every mode, other than that its all good.", 'The overall purchase experience from Amazon has been good so far and same was the case with this washing machine. A service request for installation and demonstration was automatically generated which I believe is a great gesture and displays a sense of care for customers. The delivery was made in time and the installation process was smooth and extremely helpful for my old age parents. The machine is fully automatic and very easy to use, simple modes understandable by all, great performance and equally great support. Worth buying. Even though it is recommended for couples the machine is quite capable of supporting a family of four ( my personal opinion). I would definitely update my review after a month for further usage details. Thanks Amazon.', 'In the product image and reviews different different models pictures showing. Actual product is different from review images. Also this product will come with 03 star Ratings.', 'Good quality... satisfied', 'Very easy to use cheap and best price washing machine super thanks for Samsung', "It's made my life easier.Writing this review after 1 month of use.1. Can wash everything from socks to curtains and sofa covers,rugs, bedsheets and everything comes out clean and dry.2. Just put the clothes, fill liquid detergent and I complete all my housework while clothes are getting washed automatically.3. There is soaking option also so in 75 minutes cycle all my clothes are soaked, washed, rinsed and dried. Makes life comfortable.4. Even if electricity goes it doesn't matter as it starts from the same point when it was stopped.5. Sometimes it happens I started the machineand come to my room and found a pair of socks that I  forget to put..no problem..I just switch off the machine, open the lid and and put the socks inside and switch on the main switch again. No reprogramming required.6. Only 1 thing sometimes the lint of other clothes gets deposited on woollens or jackets. So it's better to wash woollen clothes separately from daily wear. But it can be dusted off easily with a cloth brush after drying.7. And most important the machine self cleans itself.8. I purchased a long drain pipe separately as the drain pipe was too small. Now drain water is spilled out directly near the drain hole and my bathroom remains dry and clean.9. Saves time, your hands and feet are soft as you don't need to put them in soap and water everyday for washing clothes. In one month my feet have become soft and pink.", 'Good machine in this price range', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'my order summary =Item(s) Subtotal:  13,990.00Shipping:  0.00Total:  13,990.00Promotion Applied:-  750.00Exchange Value:-  2,800.00Instant Bank Discount:-  1,044.00Grand Total:  9,396.00This is average washing machine...rpm is limited and limited washing cycle. Some people says top loading does clean superb but while putting cloths I generally put liquid on stain and rub with hand and then put it machine... its ok...', "Fully automatic at reasonable cost. Enhanced features. Minimal noise and easy to use. Hopefully it's energy saving too."], ["Have used IFB front load for past 8 years which is around 35k. After facing many repairs in it decided to buy budget washing machine. This washing machine has the features that are necessary for simple wash which is suitable for most of the people. In my opinion it is better to spend money on this washing machine rather than buying high cost washing machine which most of us won't be using all its features. In High cost washing machine the spare parts costs are also high better to go with budget washing machine.", 'Good Product.', 'Super', "Very bad service from Samsung installation services. The product received on time. But the installation took more time also the technician was so arrogant was not ready to come to install the product. I would suggest don't buy such products online. The purchase experience is good but during installation the technician will frustrates you", 'Has only 2 years warranty', 'Have been using it for a while now and I must say clothes are nicely cleaned, the only problem which I faced was the patches of scales of detergent powder are usually there. But Samsung has also given solution to this, they ask you to clean the tub once in a month, the feature is in built. Otherwise speaking everything is automatic, machine does its work without any hassles. Also for normal cleaning it takes around 40-50 minutes, which optimum and convenient. To sum up, satisfied with the machine.', 'Recently bought. Waiting for results. Till today working, in good condition. Voice I think its same compared to other brands.', 'Expecting a better washing...still nice one🙂', 'Just loved it', 'Ok'], ['Good', "You can't expect Installation and demo service from the brand service associates.", "This machine works well with no problems as of now. Washing/Cleaning is neat and clean. Installation engineer was also cooperative and did a good job. It is easy to use and i think I got a good deal. Don't think, just buy.", 'Fast delivery, good installation service, works fine for me.For further services we need to raise a complaint via mail or to their website. Which I haven’t checked yet because it is in good condition. But i think it depends on the area and company services.Apart from that its a good choice.', 'Not sure about energy efficiency. Always had front load but find top load has more space and easy to operate. Not too noisy.', 'Excellent product and performance', "Great washing machine if your budget is low. This is best selling washing machine in India! Don't get confused with few negative reviews as there are many positives. Machine is extremely compact and silent. I had 7kg and got 6.5 now as didn't wanted to invest much in machine again. But there is not much difference I observed. Spin speed is low but that's good actually because there will less wobbling. Also note that when spin mode ends brakes won't be applied machine will slowly stop which won't damage gearbox. Brakes will be applied only if you open door. I've learnt a lot from past machines and believe that this will last long! Only con is warranty is very limited compared to other machines. Also power rating is 3 start so I don't think this is efficient.", "It's good for 4 people, very good product, i like it, very nice thanks to Samsung & Amazon.", 'Product is perfect for a family of 4, suggest to go for it', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW'], ['Perfect purchase considering price is lowest among similar machines of other brands, decently silent and very effective cleaning as per usage over 1-2 months. Load capacity is also decent.', 'Been using it for 2 months now and so far, never had any issues.', "New couple and bachelor's it's perfect and if you  use rarely it will be good , purchased before 3days on sale used only 1time as of now it's working fine if any issues will update go for it and samsung brand and main thing if you 2ant it in emergency Amazon will deliver in 2 days but installation will not get soon atleast you need to wait for 3to5 days no response from them if you got text message of installation details the number will not be available or they will ignore understand by this when they available for installation then only you need will get the person", "It's been a year and I am happy with the performance. Good features. machine washes clothes very well. this machine is also very space-saving. very good for a family of 4. Highly recommended.", 'Video Player is loading.', 'Using from last 1 week. Overall good machine on this pricing.But I have a doubt on servicing. After demo and installation the serviceman itself selling me Samsung Cleaning Powder, Cover and Trolley at high prices.I have purchased Samsung Cleaning Powder & Cover from him after bargaining. He is selling Trolley me at 1,100/- I refuse to buy Trolley and told him that the price is 500 to 600 at amazon. So he told me that if you purchase from outside and if their is a problem then there is no warranty given from Samsung. But if i buy from him he will give warranty. Also he told me not to use trolley.Samsung Service please clarrify.', "I'm using it from last 3 months No issues", 'The product is good for the job, one think that I was not happy with was the assembling alignment, the top portion was not aligned to the middle body of the machine it is slightly moved to one side leaving small gap between top portion and the middle body.', 'I think best in its segment, all necessary and useful features are there.', 'Many people said to me that washing machine is not that much useful but my god it gets job done 95% 5 percent am not giving because my personal reasons but buy it...'], ['When it comes to samsung-Thers is no second thought to quality -Just go for itAt times during sale -price might deviate few bucks up and down but on quality parameter best machine in this segment', 'Nice', 'happy with this product. outlet pipe length is short hence we forced to buy lengthy one.', 'Video Player is loading.', 'As Axepted 😇😇😇', 'Water inlet pipe should have been made simple.', 'Good washing machine with automatic features', 'Average', 'Very nice 👌 👍', 'Easy to use and good exchange service provided by AMazon'], ['Good', 'We were using the Samsung Washing machine for last 9 years and finally time came to upgrade it with new model.The New Washing machine is improved version and very easy to operate by my father 82 Y old.He is very Happy that the machine delivered to home and Installation was arranged by Amazon without any fuss.However the delivery people haggle for the cost of Return and charged another 25% in cash and as usual no receipt provided.This culd be well managed by Amazon.', 'Super', 'Efficient. Low noise, durable', "It's been almost six months, from the time of purchase product is making noise and there is no proper product support for service.", 'no nonsense washing machine', 'Performance is not as expected', 'Better than croma washing machine i have brought croma washing machine and return that and now buy this one. good product', 'Hi All,Writing this review after using the maching for couple of time. Bought it one week back. Quick delivery by amazon and installation the next one day. Machine is very neat and nice. I have kept the machine inside house for durability. It is not very quite but moderate sound will be there. Washing quality if OK. if you need very good washing quality go for horizontal drum. This machine is excellent for people on budget. I bought it for 14.7 or 15k.Hope this helps !!', 'Very good'], ["Product is good. However its alarming sound is very slow. Sound of vibrating phone is much louder than machine's alarming ring.", 'they never showed up, after waiting for more than a week had to install myseld', "Samsung's washing machine 6.5 ltrs is one of the most worthy and reliable machine that is out there. Very easy to use. Delivered hassle-free on the fourth floor and on scheduled time. Very easy to use, samsung sent their engineer within hours. Price is really good.", 'Value for money', 'Machine is vibration & Function type normal', 'Es price range me best machine hai mere samjh se, 6.5 ltr. naa dekhe aaram se 10 -13 kapda ek baar me saaf ho jata hai... Zyada ltr. ka lene ka matlab nahi banta hai, power, time , water ke kharch ke hisab se dekhe to...6.5ltr. ka lijiye aankh band kar ke 6-7 family members ke liye....', 'I have been using it for 3 months now and i am totally happy with the product. It is easy to use, simple, has all the necessary features. If you are looking for something fancy, you might wanna try something else but if you need the machine simple with all the basic features which gets the job done, this is the machine for you.', 'This is a decent product. It has very few features and is affordable for the price point offered by Amazon(with offer). Most of the fucntionalities are manual. Top load washing machines are not soft on clothes due to aggitator operating functionality. High end top load machines do provide some adjustablility around this but that does exist in this model. So unless you care about just cleaning the apparels and not worry about the type/quality of clothes being washed, this should just fit in for family of 2-4 people (multiple runs in a day). Not fit for high quality apparels or advanced wash. Single slot for detergent/liquid. No slot for softners.', 'The machine is silent while using and good for small family . It looks small but the inner drum is big enough to take good amount of clothes. The functionality is also good and easy', 'Fantastic product , I bought two'], ['very good product 👌', 'Does the task pretty efficient wayNoise level is minimumLot of functions to help your washingCompact enough to go to your washing areaWashing is also pretty good', 'Worth to have it', 'Essay to use. Quality normal. Inlet and outlet pipe is short. Price is little high. Use for 2or 3 person.', 'Thank u bajaj financial', 'We are happy to have in great indian salesNice product', "We aren't getting the idea for spinning and even for this issue we have contacted them multiple times. Samsung customer care but there is no response untill now. Kindly reach out to us ASAPThis is not the way to deal with the clients as it's one the most popular brands in home appliances.", 'Easy to use but little bit noise', 'Does as promised...delivered on time', 'Value for Money and Easy to use.'], ['Good product', 'No much features or wash modes, but good for family of two', 'I am using it for almost 7 months. Good one.', 'Little bit make noise, but working fine as of now.', 'Best offer given Amazon in Dussehra festival. Go for it.', 'Excellent.low noise.', 'I am writing to express my disappointment with theTop Loading Washing Machine (WA70A4002GS/TL, Imperialwashing machine I purchased from your company. I have been experiencing significant issues with the product that have caused me frustration and inconvenience.Firstly, the washing machine takes an excessive amount of time to complete both the washing and rinsing cycles. This has resulted in a significant increase in my water and electricity bills, and has also caused me inconvenience as I am unable to complete my laundry in a timely manner.Secondly, the washing machine is not spinning while washing, which means that my clothes are not being cleaned properly. This has resulted in my clothes coming out of the washing machine still dirty and in need of re-washing.Overall, I am extremely dissatisfied with the performance of the Samsung 7kg Load washing machine and feel that it has not lived up to the quality and standards I expected from your brand. I would appreciate if you could offer a prompt and satisfactory solution to this issue, such as a repair or replacement of the product.Thank you for your attention to this matter, and I look forward to hearing back from you soon.', 'Well in this price range this is one of the best machine overloaded with all basic daily functionalities. I bought this at rs10.7k in prime day sale. The delivery was early and secured, also there was a option to inspect the item at the time delivery before the receiving the product.Pros:Less NoiseLess electricity utilizationClean the cloths very well without any residue of washing power left of the cloth.Cons. The glass lid is free fall. Samsung could have make this as soft closing.Rest all good. Go ahead if you are planning to buying any washing machine for small family.', 'This wm is perfect for us 2 adults and 2 kids. The monsoon function button works well for us as in Bangalore the weather is cold and wet. Highly recommend it', 'Less price, high returns! Great purchase'], ['Samsung 6.5kg is awesome i have used this iam Fully satisfied thanks Amazon and samsung', 'Good', "If you're looking for cost effective top load washing machine, go for this. Bit noisy, but bearable, apart from that good washing machine from Samsung. Writing the review after 3 months of usage", '7 kg small size', 'I find this a good product and value for money', 'Machine is 6 months old . Wash is satisfactory but technical issues often prop up creating doubt about quality . Now water not draining out . Drain Pipe area is clear of muck . Technical flaw .So cost low but maintenance costs high .', 'Noise level is very less...easy to use and energy efficient', 'One can easily depend on Samsung', 'Got a great priduct but got scammed on exchange. Person who came for exchsnge asked me to send ₹1300 to a gpay address as they felt product was not as per policy. Beware!', 'Basic washing machine ! Value for money !'], ['The visiting service from samsung is very poor. Especially in Maharashtra region. To have a demo and installation, it was very difficulty task. This leads to a very huge setback to samsung company as we common people depend upon a relaiable and fast service from authorised service engineer, instead of local technician. In our region, particularly in पश्चिम महारष्ट्र western Maharashtra it is usually told that samsung service is not good you should buy goods from some other company. It should be stopped. And the dealership should be changed to someone else, atleast of Sangli and Kolhapur.', 'Good product and very easy to use 😃', 'First of all, I decided to buy because of "Bestseller" tag and the high ratings. Now I understand why this is so1. Noise- little or no noise at all. Smooth operation even while in "spin" mode.2. Easy to use- It is completely automatic which means you don\'t have to worry once it\'s on and running. It selects the desired water level and runs accordingly. A variety of other options also available.3. Energy efficiency- 3 star rated product.(Add-on: The samsung brand service is also excellent. Serviceman came and clarified everything)100% worth buying', "It's good. No dislike.", 'If you sofisticated person and regular washing is required , it is good choice but itcan be better. Improvement option is open', "Pros:VFMGood size and shapeMedium noisyCons: my product has two dents! But it's not noticeable!", 'The outlet pipe is leaking all over the floor, it has multiple holes and if you don’t have space in your bathroom to keep the washing machine the inlet pipe is useless as well because its Just 1m long so you’ll have to buy one later. So the extras of this washing machine is useless, i ll have to buy both inlet and outlet pipes.', 'Samsung at its beat', 'small dent in front of washing machine otherwise all good', 'Good'], ['Good', "Brought this model after reading reviews. BTW, it is not available in Samsung Plazas and also not recognized in Samsung portal for warranty registration.Works fantastically well. Almost no sound. Very compact and efficient. However, it's star rating is not good, hence that is downplayed. As one can see, the photograph is the portal does not have the star rating sticker :)", 'Best washing machine in this price (14000)', 'Its value for the price I paid.', "This 6.5 kg machine works beautifully. I've used it only for about two weeks but so far it's been a great experience. Installation was quick. Machine is smooth with minimal noise. Automatic control buttons are easy to use and intuitive. You don't need to be tech savvy to use this one.", 'Delivery persons were too CARELESS and in hurry. They firstly fell shoe racks and scattered all shoes at outside of my gate. They treat my old machine(which was exchanged) mercilessly with fearful noise also scattering water to my floor by not giving sufficient time to extract the water from outlet pipe and felling outlet hose.  After their return I have a lot of mess to clean. Putting all the shoes/mopping a large floor area etc.', 'Product quality is good but have some trouble in installation. The product is good enough but 6.5ltr capacity is little less for a family. Noise level is average.', 'I am happy', 'Worth for the Money spent on this machine👍. Nice installation 👍. Good Quality Washing Machine👍. Thanks to Amazon👍.', ''], ['User friendly. Must buy. Very economic', 'Good product compact size with many functions, will work well for a small house hold 2-4 people. But they should have included cover as well for price.', 'Looks good and features are also useful', 'Good', 'Noise level needed to be reducedIt is very simple to use as on 19/11/2022 .Cannot say more till warranty period is overKINDLY SEND ME HARD COPY OF INVOICE', 'Product is good.But installation service was really poor and had to followup a lot with Amazon and Samsung both for installation and demo.', 'Super', 'Installation process is very slow, No response from samsung installation team after I received 3 day to now.', 'The product had a huge dent on its body and it was already said to check it at the time of delivery but it was not visible at that because of the lower part of the machine', 'Good'], ['My old washing Machine was Samsung too which still works fine despite more than 12 years of usage. This one is Value for Money. Easy to operate, nothing much has changed in the operations or interface in several years!One thing I notice is that it appears that there’s no way to clear the previous memory, just in case. All you need to do is hit Cycle button and previous options are cleared, if they are still present despite you pressed Power Button previously. This point comes up only has a habit from my previous model usage, which would clear the memory after pressing Power Button.Monsoon 15 or 30 mIn spin cycle options is still present and useful, though not that great. Nothing exceptional, but Value for money and suitable for small family on relatively tight budget.', 'Good', 'Washing Maching is good, but Installation team are worst in Bengaluru, they force to buy Water Softener and charge way too HIGH for that. You Kind of feal cheated.', 'One of the best washing machine i purchased from samsung, super cleaning eco tub cleaning, easy to use. Worth buy!', 'There is a dent on left side..which we have noticed post this pic', 'Product is good need to show the power rating as well in the pictures', 'The installation rep will carry 3m long water pipe and will demonstrate that the one provided with washing machine is not sufficient to reach the pipe. Then you have to buy it by paying some 550 Rs extra.', 'It is overall good product.Price is worth this product.', 'As of now working great, Need to know in the long run', 'Good product and easy to use thankyou samsung and amazon'], ['Video Player is loading.', 'In this price range good washing machine.only customer support from Samsung is poor.', 'Good product', "The product delivers to what is expected perfectly.Didn't face any issues, installation was also super quick and easy done by the Samsung technician.", 'Quick wash option cleans effectively and in very less time by using very less water', 'Good', 'Good product and easy to use', 'Clothes are not drained effectively', 'Worth for money and performing well', 'Very good.'], ['Video Player is loading.', 'Price is affordable.', 'Nice', 'Good service', "We had a BPL washing machine for more than 20 years from the early 2000s! And I wanted to gift my parents a washing machine with my own money before shifting out of their house. I ordered and got it installed, the machine works very well and the drying ability is great. Thinner fabrics like bedsheets or tshirts get dried so well it's ready to use almost immediately after coming out of the machine. The other clothes might require just an hour of drying outside.", 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Ordered this machine but was initially sceptic coz of prior reviews. First one delivered on time and installation person too came on time but found some fault with the machine and asked me to replace it. So as per his request placed replacement order and got new one again on time and this time machine was in good condition. Hats off to Samsung Technician, very polite and very professional. He ddnt try to sell me anything. Installed the machine and explained each and every detail about it. Been using it for couple of days now and most interesting part to me is very very less noise levels. You literally have to stand next to the machine to hear sound. Extremely satisfied!!', 'Satisfied', "I have switched from fron load to top load washing machine. If I compare both then money n noise wise it's great but clothes are better washed in front load washing machine.One minus point is that after wash you'll find threads n cotton balls on Dark colour clothes. I have complained about this but I was told to wash dark coloured clothes separately.", 'Beautiful design, easy to use, Power⚡ friendly ❤️ loved it ! Thank you'], ["Please don't expect much from this machine ..We have used IFB in past and that is far better than Samsung in terms of performance and quality", "This  machine  used  very  easy  and very  fine  nice quality  brilliant  work so far it's  my suggestion", "It's a astonishing product. You'll fall in love by just a look at the product.It's washing ability is good.Everything is good.Go for it", 'Samsung service person came and said they cannot install since they need a very specific kind of tap to install the inlet pipe. This SPECIFIC kind of tap is not mentioned in any brochure, booklet or on amazon website. Better buy a LG product where service personnel is well equipped with fittings that can be installed on any tap', 'Good go for it', 'Working very datisfactorily', "Using it for the past 6 months, so far facing good experience. Power consumption also good. There's no star rating mentioned in the description, it's 3 star machine but the consumption is not so high. You can definitely consider on this price segment.", 'I am writing this review after a week or so of usage. some pros and consSamsung is a great brand and has been improving all the timeSuper quick delivery and installation ( just had to remind Cust Care to get it done !)Ease of Use and similar to the old Samsung 6.2 kgsQuick wash and uses lesser water than the older Samsung 6.2 KgsExchange offer of Rs 1800 ! through Amazon / dealer provides only Rs 500 ! Exchange offerAwesome product for the money paid !!!ConsSamsung 6.2 kgs bought about 10 years back is bigger than the present 6.5 kgs !Slightly shakes when the clothes are less which i believe is normal for any washing MachineHence the rating of 4 star !', 'Pros:1. Easy to use with as many practical frstures as Bosch or IFB front loading2. Save money and your Back with top loading machine as there is no differnce in quality of wash between top load and costly front load. 3. Sturdy and long lasting than front load4.  This machine is without inverter technology . We bought this deliberstely as all parts and service will be easily availble with regular mechanics also once the service period gets over or when its too old.5. Very Quiet and has good capacity to wash double bed sheets as well. It actually washes better than Front load IFB at my parents homeSo save around half money and keep that to replace machine altogeather once its old enough to drag with youCons:1. Only it dont have hot water mixer. But thats hardly a feature you use during winters and that can be easily fixed then by taking a jug of hot water from kitchen geyser :-)', 'Value for money'], ['It’s been 3 months since I bought it and I have no complaints so far ….clothes come out so clean and shiny ….it’s lil more noisy than the one with inverter motor tech (my friend has this one ) but it’s  budget friendly and definitely a great buy', 'This product was economic and value for money purchase with no issues so far,running fine since last few months since purchase.', 'Noise is low, but it is 3 star machine,', "This machine's quickwash is 35 mins !!!!! I had a whirlpool and the quickwash took 15 mins on that one. Redefinition of the word QUICK.Machine body finish is good. The top portion which houses the buttons seems to be made of cheap plastic i mean like recycled bucket plastic, has a cheap metallic shine like on some car bodies. And look at the Samsung logo, printed crooked on the lid. See attached photo, that itself is a disgrace, like made in Chandni Chowk.", 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Video Player is loading.', "It's not even 6 months ago that I purchased this machine and now it's dryer is not working. Please look into the matter ASAP.", 'Easy to use and noise free good product value for money', 'Overall Good Product!! Only thing is tub clean takes 93mins which is too much compare to Videocon machines.', 'Very satisfied for this product nice product easy to use for every age of person, Samsung service is very fast after delivery the product.Hindi mein bole to baba paisa vasool hai 😜'], ['After 2 week of usage my honest review-One must remember that it has no memory, that means if power goes off then it will not be continuing from the same moment where it was obstructed. Although it will restart in that particular stage from beginnings.Rat mesh quality is poor. It was already cracked when i opened the tub. It is very thin. Drainage pipe is very short. Although you can extend it by installing another pipe from market.Delivery was on time. Product was Nicely packed.Machine is durable and washing is up to the mark. It is gentle on clothes, It also has a delicate mode which washes soft clothes perfectly.Overall I am satisfied with this product at this price range.On can go for this for a family of 4-5.', "Though skeptical after reading customer feedbacks, I went for it coz my previous machine was samsung n it worked fine for 14 years n now there is some noise in it.I was worried when d installation rep carried it at a tilting position to place it near d electrical point. But it works well. Noise level is ok n it's easy to use too. Samsung rocks!👍Pleased with d fast delivery by Amazon -ordered on 22 Apr, rec'd 24th morning. Unbelievable but true!", 'I am sharing this review after 4 month of usage. I have compared so many washing machine before landing on this machine. I do not regret my decision. Very simple to use. Looks good. Very low noise. Very very low power consumption.', 'Good machine. Washes well.', '', 'Very good product', "Good vfm sleek looking. But the size is not fit for washing mink blanket, single or double. The drum size should've been a bit more. Only clothes. Sometimes it played prank on me by not spinning and filling the tub till top, after I selected only spin. Somehow it got Ok by itself.", '', 'Using a samsung fully automatic washing machine for the past 12 years and amazed by its reliability. So ordered another samsung as a replacement for it. It looks cute and noice level less, the control pannel is well laid and the initial reaction is" satiafied". Will use for sometime and update', "Overall it's good. Very simple functions and easy to use.The main issue am facing is, it's starting from the previous function in case of power interruptions. At the end of wash if power goes, it will start from the wash again. You will be irritated, if power fluctuations are common in your aera. Otherwise the machine is nice choice."], ["It's a good washing machine.Compact Size, less noise, easy to use", 'Less noise  , easy to use, it is very good product.', 'Good', 'Most dislike  product', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'GOOD', 'Just purchased this productEverything  is fineJust one problem the pipe they give is small in lenghth so i have to get a new one', 'Nice product noise levels is good .', "SAMSUNG hires it's competitor Whirpool ( TVS electronics) for samsung services . The installation guy comes wearing a whirlpool Tee shirt & does not have identity card , neither wants to provide installation report on samsung installation report. Worst coordination after sales services from samsung. Be aware !", 'Clothes are not cleaned by this machine'], ['Faster, smooth, hassle free, no damage deliveryGreat installation & demo by SamsungDecent features', "Little noise during spin with heavy weight clothes like Jean's cloths.", 'no hassle. just press the button and sit back. have been using it for a year and i have zero complaints. quiet and reliable.', 'Supar value for mony', "Terrible customer service. Don't opt for Samsung washing machines, the customer service team will never show up if there is a repair.", 'Amazing product', 'God products....', "It's really worth it buying", 'I like it very much. Simple and compact for a small 4 member family', "We got this in the month of May '2021 initially I was skeptical about it but it is really nice the monsoon option is a.feature which really helps the clothes get almost dried which very helpful they had this facility extendedable pipe for atleast 10cm which was great as we could deattach and reattach whenevr it is necessary. Service installation as well is good he offered us a cover and a really good stand it was little costly but the stand was worth which is movable and adjustable. He gave the machine cleaner as well to clean the entire machine and keep it in good condition. When u compare with front load this doesn't give my much sound which is really good. Over Al it was an affordable and more options washing machine."], ['Best for 3 peoples', 'Best value for money', 'Excellent', 'No any damo person comes till the date buying before 2 month... Wrost service', 'Product is good bit installation person not correct', 'Easy to useBut No child lock.If you are buying with exchange then ensure you must have your old machine upto date like new.. As they will refuse to do the exchange during delivery time. And you will have to pay the exchange value first during delivery.', 'Installation is very poor', 'Product quality not good', '* No installation charges* machine takes 25-35 mins for one wash depending type selected.* bought it for Rs 11500/- after cashback and discounts, so considering the price feel like gr8 deal* Overall very happy with the purchase* Can clean 8-10 garments(typically 700g jeans/300g shirt) in one wash easily so ideal for 3-4 ppl.Some cons : * Machine takes a little more amount of water and detergent  than semi automatic . * Require cleaning of tub after 8-10 washes* Although the packaging box for the machine is not protected by any foam/thermocol sheet on the sides,Machine was in good condition ..delivered without any dents.(would suggest u have a look before u accept delivery)', 'Ok'], ['No thanks', 'Very good deal mechine is perfect very happy very good service', 'Good product', 'Perfect machine for everyday use at a good price and prompt installation from Samsung.Go for it.', 'Everything is good but just there is a dent in front body of the machine, possibley anything you can do then plz let me know else everything is fine .', 'It’s good one but consumes lot of water takes lot of time.', 'Faulty issues', 'Good', 'Order delivered today as on 28/09/2022. But they didnot open the product and shown us. Unless I see it properly am not responsible of the product.', 'The washing machine is small but efficient. I have been using Samsung washing machines for the past few years so I am very comfortable with their product.'], ['Water inlet pipe length should be more at least 4 mIt’s a good product', 'Worthy product for family with 4 to 5 members. Easy to use & maintain...', 'Super waching mechine awsome👌', "We bought it for our hostel floor 20 days ago. It is very convenient to use and it can dry clothes as well. Moreover, it's quite affordable.We use it two times a day everyday. And no problems so far.", 'ok', 'Like', 'WM is good, not best. Samsung is definitely good brand. Machine quality is great. The sides are stainless steel but are thin sheets.It’s a little complicated in beginning to understand. But then it’s very simple. Looks are very beautiful.Not good partsThe machine drum spins less. It doesn’t spins for a whole round or two and changes direction. It feels like it’s week but it is not. But I think if it spins full it will be more powerful and effective.Good buy and should go for it', 'Easy to use good in quality', "This machine works well but there is a deficiency, there is no hot water function in it and it'll wash using cold water even during the winters. Which can be quite disappointing if you've got very soiled clothes. Also there is no way the spin function can be manually set as per the garment washing requirements. It spins on a default mode even when the only requirement is to rinse and spin.", 'Like'], ['Good product', 'As of now is good, will review if any problem faced.', 'Good working,, awsome noise lavel & automation,, but cloths cleanig is not good,, spotty dirty&dull ,,  not expected ,,overall best product', 'Good. Basic model. No hot water option', 'It is easy to use in daily basis and works fine.', 'washing mode soak and wash is gd compare to other mode', 'Nice Product', 'Very Nice Product....... Good Performance......', 'Ok', 'Good'], ['Good product', 'A perfect product in budgetMust buy', 'BEST PRODUCT . MUST TO BE BUY .', 'The product is excellent but I was charged 750 rupees extra by the delivery personell although it was a short distance for them to deliver to the actual location.', "I have been using since 7days didn't find any problemService installation was good", 'Good', 'Good one for an average family..ease of use', 'Ok', 'good product', 'Best washing machine'], ['Good Product', 'Dent in both left and right side of the machine but as per policy, it is not allowed to replace the item or refund. Very bad experience', 'Best using machine for every one', 'we like the product', 'Must Buy, Excellent in every aspects ✅Just Go for it guys 👍', 'Yes, it a a good product in everything.', 'Over all a decent product from Samsung in this price category. In my usage I felt it consumes more water for less clothes.', 'Good excellent', 'Excellent washing machine. Easy operation. Good delivery service by seller. Sturdy packaging.', 'First of all thanks to Amazon fast delivery good packing on time delivery the washing machine condition excellent no scratches good performs easy to easy small family basic option available this machine just take it'], ['This is a tried and tested washing machine that we have been using. Had the same machine at my home town as well.For people who are looking for a washing machine and are confused, this is the best option that you can go for. The pricing is very economical and the functionioning is very good.Quiet easy to use and operate.Noise levels are very minimal and is a Value for money product.This is 6.5kgs and is sufficient for a family of 3-4 people.The demo guy came on time the next day.Would definitely recommend this product to everyone whoz confused on which washing machine to buy.Energy consumption: 5/5Looks: 5/5Functions: 5/5Noise level: 4/5Washing: 5/5', 'Very nice response', 'Good 👍', 'Nice washing Machine. Very Good performance.', 'Thanks', 'The outgoing pipe doesn’t fit well. Otherwise a very good product', "I am just satisfied with this product. But I wouldn't call this is the best product. Its not energy efficient. Its only a 3 star rated energy efficient product. Wouldn't have bought if I had seen it during the purchase itself. Energy rating is not mentioned in the product description. It works fine. Not too many options in the board. Very few like normal and normal + soak, quick wash. Automatic water level picking. There is no aqua mode in this machine, where you can fill water and let the machine spin without taking by itself from the tap. Product got delivered as promised but service/installation was delayed by two weeks due to lockdown. My old machine was taken during the product delivery itself. So, we were left without an option but to fix the washing machine by ourselves. Another disappointment was that after I had bought it, the next day the price was dropped by 5%. Not so nice :)", 'Nice product, quick installation by samsung. Low noise level... so far good', "Like :Easy to Use: just put the cloth inside the machine and press sart button.Less Water Consumption : in-built feature of loading water automatically as per the clothes, the washing machine decides an adequate amount of water required for the wash.Size : compair to semi automatic machine it's take less space.Effective Cleaning : not required Scrub the clothes before putting into the washing machine.Dislike :Alert / buzzer : buzzer sound is lowElectricity Consumption : it take more electricity compare to semi automatic machine, a single run take 45 min.", 'This top-loading washing machine is really easy to use. I bought it for my mother, who is used to a semi-automatic WM. I found that she is able to adapt and use it with ease.  It takes a little more water compared to front-loading machines, but almost the same or maybe less than semi-automatic WM.The overall washing perfomance is great.I ordered the machine at 4PM, it got delivered the next morning at 8AM, at Durgapur (WB), I booked the free installation by calling the Samsung customer care. The engineer visited at 11AM, same day, and the machine was ready to use soon. I purchased a stand to keep the machine. I am really happy with the extremely prompt service of Amazon and Samsung customer support.This is a great machine, blindly go for it.'], ["This model of Samsung washing machine is a great product for families up to 4-6 people. It's very affordable, and the size is compact. The options are just enough for us to handle anything and everything we can imagine. The monsoon function is exceptionally useful and dried clothes very well. Clothes DO NOT entangle which is great too. Just start and forget. We are yet to use the delay feature, but it's a great option too. Delicate mode makes life easier.Overall , it's a great product, backed by Samsung's service. We are very happy with it.", "After a lot of research, I finalised this product. With amazon prime got the washing machine delivered within 24 hrs. That was super quick.The Product is good, looks brilliant, and its various features quick wash, monsoon mode are a boon for users like me. Would recommend the product,however make sure with installation process as they don't cater to your timing convenience.", 'For 2-3 people this works fantastic', 'They delivered the defective item to me.', 'Easy to use', 'not yet done installion with in two days. But samsung msg me it will be done with in 48 hours. I called samsung technicians but they say i will call.......nothing done. I Think i need to arrange technicians from other source', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'The connecting pipes to water tap & for water outflow is very small in length.', '', 'No service, waste product bad experience'], ['The inlet hose is very small, also installation guys are good for demo only, they cant do drilling or other necessary fitting if required.', 'This machine they have delivered is not working properly from last 5 months. We have purchased this on last year july and we are calling the service person but they are just closing the issue without completion of repair.', 'I bought this recently for my grandparents. Since she was struggling with back pain. She loved it and said its very easy to use. Then i bought the same for my parents and in-laws also. All of them say in unison that they love this product regardless of the previous one since the options provided are practical and no much complicated process. The water and electricity consumption has reasonably reduced since we replaced our old one to this.', 'Very good product', 'Good machine for small family', 'Very good', "Good quality product with affordable price and noise free washing machine. Satisfied with the product and it's functioning pretty good. Recommended 😊", 'The installation was improper also few parts which were supposed to be installed are also missing moreover there was delay in services as well.', 'Good for homes where seperate water tap available but i am living in rent so everytime i need  to connect water tap to water hose to fill the water and if any time water is less machine will stop and stuck at same time so you need to refill the remaining water andPower cut is also very big problem in my area every time if power is cut machine will start from beggining and it is very annoying sometime it will take whole day to wash some cloth', 'I was bit nervous to buy earlier but took a chance and must say i m fully satisfied, its a 1 week review now, i m happy ...value for money...strongly suggest to buy it.'], ['Value for money.Used it for almost 2.5 months now.It had been a good experience.This has all those hidden features which you come across a 15k below machine.Only thing is they have forgotten to highlight some features. ;)Ordered for a normal machine and got a 3* rated machine. Thanks amazon and Samsung.Main pros are -No much difference in E Bill.Noise levels are lowInstallation process was hassle free. ( we live in Hyderabad though.)Really helpful for a working and non working class people.Overall, decent product at decent price.Expect less and you get more🎉', 'Great buy as per the user', 'Does the job well, compared to our previous LG washing machine this makes little bit more noise.Delivery was done as per the committed date and time.LG technician also make later within 6 hrs. to install and demo the machine.The service has been very professional.It has been less than 2 weeks, and hence cannot tell much for about the functioning of the machine and the product.', 'Video Player is loading.', 'Looks very good and easy to use, Installation done on the same day, and the service Gentleman was very friendly and good, all good experience, 👍👍👍...', 'One of the excellent product of Samsung', 'Best in class fully automatic washing machine with extra drying for rains ,must buy for clean clothes', "It's a great product especially for the price tag. I had just one complaint regarding the front panel buttons. They are a bit cheap (quality wise). After a month I was a bit worried that they might stop working on pressing but it hasn't happened yet. But they definitely need a little bit of improvement. Rest everything is amazing including the service. The service guy arrived just one day after the delivery.", 'I have been using this machine for more than month so far good. I use it twice in a week as per my usage this is a value for money. Noise wise fine it is not unbearable.', 'Amazing product for value of money.. With dryer 💖✌'], ['Value for money, easy to use and works well.', 'Good', 'This washing machine is enough for 1 person use. The best machine available in this price range, using it for a while now. No complaints.', 'Simple and easy to use', "Best you can buy.. I literally love using it.  I would recommend to all that yes you all can go ahead & bou this washing machine.. It's just bestest you can ever get. I really loved it. You can wash blankets too upto 6.5 kg as the machine is of 6.5 right & if machine is 8kg you can put clothes till 8kg ..So as of now this machine is of 6.5 kg so you can wash upto 6.5 kg blanket ..n if u are washing 6.5 kg blanket then you should wash one at a time... You can even wash net clothes/sarees in delicate wash .", 'Very very nice and cute look noise less running,durable quality money valuable product thanks for amazon team and this product seller', 'Bought in Amazon offer. good product', 'This is just an economic product, so many options but not a justified distinguished support, all auto support but not much on use. And loads of water is waster and electricity... Only cool thing is - keep clothers detergent and full support of water will return washed and semi soaked clothers after 50 minutes.', 'Robust and beautiful machine, could be more energy efficient', 'Samsung always the brand I trust in washing machine.'], ['Easy to operate', 'Nice product', "Every thing is fine, but people who have kids should be very careful, because there is no child lock for lid, that' the only thing bothering me.", 'Very easy to use there is no noise energy efficiency is good', 'Easy to use the day', "Washing is such a mundane task for me. This washing machine makes it easy. Just a few clicks load your laundry and detergent and conditioner and forget about it. Come back after the exact time. Your laundry will be soaked, rinsed and spin. This is exactly what I needed since I was looking for a top load basic machine. It does exactly what they say. I installed it in my apartment by myself and it's an easy process.", 'Worth the price value for moneySimple and easy to use', 'Really nice and durable product and washes clothes very well.', 'worthy', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW'], ['Video Player is loading.', 'Very good product.....', 'Superb', "It's nice to daily use and comfortable and worth money", 'writing this review after one month of use... the product is awsome in this price range..one of the best top loading fully automatic washing machine..make my life much easier... the installation service by samsung is very good...', 'Received dented machine, but saw on installation day. Installation also took place after 72 hours. Overall not happy with the service.', 'Value of money good', 'I have been using this for 5years now. It is still working smoothly. So I ordered one fory in-laws and one for my parents too. No issues till date.', 'Makes lod noise. Rest all ok.', "Hello ,I have been using this washing machine for around 3 months now.Pros:1. Clothes get cleaned satisfactorily2. Almost noiseless3. Very efficient and fast4. Looks cute5. All the essential functions are there including the powerful Monsoon dry function.Cons:1. None so farIf you are looking for a budget washing machine for 2-3 people, go blindly for it. There aren't many awesome machines at this range.Until next timeRupam"], ['Worth each rupee', 'Worth the money. No much noise, easy to use. Best one to opt for instead of going for expensive models which again serves the same purpose.amazon delivery and installation service was commendable and super fast.writing this review after a month of usage.', 'GOOD ONE', 'Good, easy to use, do good automation', 'Handal cover is missing', 'I think it’s a good machine considering the price and the brand. The machine isn’t like very silent but on a scale of 0-10 where 10 being the noisiest , I would say it’s mote like 5 also I have installed a 24 wheel stand.', 'Worth the price', "It's totally  best ever product that save our time  Or humari mahnnat b bchata h .. Fully smart h ye iske bottom b water proof h  jisme pani andr nhi jata Or current ka dr b ni rhta I suggest to all that  u all have to buy this product thanku amazon for selling this washing machine on amazon", 'Very good excellent iloved it', 'Simply superb. It meets our needs. Water costs less. Easy to use. Compact size. Due to its small size it fits easily in the bathroom. The fabric washes very neatly. Power consumption also okay. No significant issues.'], ['Very good product. Easy to use fully automatic. Noise level not that high, you need to adjust its base so that its in level and will not vibrate much. Little bit expensive. Also drain hole is in lowest side of machine and without any pumping motor. So you need to keep drain pipe lower than that. Overall its good purchase and value for money.', 'Please think  twice before buying this product. Totally waste of money. samsung service is also the worst. You can see how much those rusts are forming in the drum even before a single wash.  Return options are also horrible. I cannot even register the problem on the disgusting link provided by samsung. It fails. Better you go for a local shop. Otherwise you will totally waste your money', 'Very good product for home use', "Everything is good. But the washing machine doesn't have the option to increase the time. And doesn't have the option to use Strong wash. So the washing is normal is not very strong. The machine should give strong wash option as well so that if someone wants they can do the strong wash sometime as well.", 'Very Good', "I have alreday used Whirpool Top Load Machine since 2018.But this machine is truly amazing.Wash clothes like pro with no hassle.Programs are very easy to use and system is cool.Most importantly it's used very less water and electricity.Just loved this.I recommend to my sister and she bought and after using 7 days she also loved this.Thank you Samsung and Amazon bring this machine with a worthy deal.", "It an budget king washing machine for this segment, I have been using this machine for over one month I didn't face any issues in the product , But there something (or) a advice I want to share with guys don't place this machine were direct sunlight come in and hits the machine then it will make serious noise be aware of this, when the temperature is fine the machine works flawlessly", 'Nice Product', 'this purchase specially for my mother and also me as well. very handy to use and less the work laod of my mother. must buy this product for 3 to 5 persons family because this in our budget and very well build quality also in this price. first thing for this purchase the product in my mind the brand of samsung because i have all the appliances at my home is samsung and used many year without no complaint.', 'Product having leakage in base and vibration in machine not recommended'], ['Very good machine in washing .I will recommend to others to once use', 'Like', 'Nice washing machine, affordable, go for it', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Good one', 'Easy to use washing machine and the Samsung technician is very good, supportive and knowledgeable.However, the outer body is slightly damaged and the main root cause is the packaging from Samsung. Saving few bucks on appliance packaging is not only damaging the product but also the brand image of Samsung.', 'The machine works exactly as you want it to.Just put your clothes in there and forget, it will do the job.Fully Automated and has an additional monsoon feature which dries clothes .However water consumption is high and a cause of concern. Company should focus on reducing water wastage.', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Value for Money', 'I am using the product more then one year working fine'], ['Samsung 6.5 kg Fully-Automatic Top Loading Washing Machine, its very easy to use', 'Video Player is loading.', 'Bast product', 'Value for money. This product is amezing reasonable price. Overall very good.', 'Ok', 'Noise level is moderate, easy to use and energy efficiency is moderate to high. This takes access water to wash the cloths  even in "water level-1 option". Except that, all functions are good in thie machine in this range of money.  Thank you', "It's a good machine. Have been using it almost a month worth the money", "This is the 3rd washing machine of this brand (Samsung) and model (WA65A4002VS/TL) that I have purchased. The machine is noiseless, easy-to-use and one of the bestsellers on all major online marketplaces. Samsung installation service is excellent, but please make sure the tap you're planning to connect to this machine has sufficient water pressure (and fix it beforehand, if not). It has 5 wash modes, but the 'Quick Wash' and 'Soak + Normal' modes are the ones you're most likely to use for day-to-day laundry. Highly recommended.", 'Slow Water leakage from the outlet. Even the height of machine is tall. Not easy for a 5 feet person to remove clothes after cycle is completed.', "Received this product at Chennai Shollinganallur on 29th of March and raised installation request on same day. It's been 2 days no one came for installation. Don't buy this product. Samsung must do more improvement on their service and installation in chennai"], ['We have had this washer for over two months now. It is a simple no-nonsense product. The basic wash cycle is only about 30 to 40 minutes and it cleans well. If you want something simple and fast, this is it. No complaints so far.', 'Easy to use. Very good for regular use', "Honest review after couple of full cycle wash.The washing machine is definately a value for money with trust of samsung after sales network. There is no issue with the delivery and it was hassle free installation within a day of delivery.There is no big noise whenever you machine operates. Some chim sound to notify you that buttons are being pressed, on/off and once it completes whole cycle it did the chim sound again. Overall nice operation and good amount of washing.The machine dont have soft closing lid feature, and samsung guy told me that this particular machine didn't come with 10 years motor warranty. The 10 years warranty is for wobble technology one.But yes, 2 years warranty for the machine is there which will get enabled automatically after the delivery.Most importantly this machine dont have return facility but one can replace it with same machine again if there are some technical or physical flaws.", 'Good Product!', "Nothing negative.It's 10 months now of usage. Working perfectly well. Average washing time taken  is 40 minutes. No complaints. Am happy.", "Previously i hv semi automatic washing machine it was so time consuming and very hard for use because all the time one need be there to wash and rinse and spin the clothes...but now it's very easy for me just to put dirty clothes and after few minutes your clothes r clean no need stay nad watch all the time this machine have very easy use functions as well as energy saving and perfect working woman...", 'Nearly soundless.Ground clearance should be a little more so that one can broom the floor it covers.', 'Doing great. Works fine. Decent quality product.', "You have to wash, rinse and spine.... Have to wait and press the button 😠 I didn't like it... U have to keep", 'Very easy to use.. perfect for quick wash'], ['ok report', "No problem found  or damages, very easy to use, no loud noise it's work very silently and works well clean clothes", 'Good', 'Overall good product -Just need to increases pipe length', 'Nice', '', 'Hi guys,Im writing this review after using for about 2 months. So, we are having a family of 6 people and the machine could easily bear the load of all. It was not a easy task for the first too understand the working of machine but after experiments it is super easy. Yku can go for it if you are having a family of 6 also, it has big tube.', 'Sometimes confuses to use', '', 'Very good product at reasonable price. Easy to use!!'], ['ok report', "No problem found  or damages, very easy to use, no loud noise it's work very silently and works well clean clothes", 'Good', 'Overall good product -Just need to increases pipe length', 'Nice', 'Video Player is loading.', 'Hi guys,Im writing this review after using for about 2 months. So, we are having a family of 6 people and the machine could easily bear the load of all. It was not a easy task for the first too understand the working of machine but after experiments it is super easy. Yku can go for it if you are having a family of 6 also, it has big tube.', 'Sometimes confuses to use', '', 'Very good product at reasonable price. Easy to use!!'], ['Reasons to go for this fridge:Smooth function,Noise less,Brand value,Good customer service,Budget friendly,Easy to use, Hassle freeModern elegant look,Energy savingIt is enough for a four to five member family', 'This machine was superbEasy to use &NoiselessEverything was good', 'This is a washing machine, this machine washes clothes. We need to add water and detergent to make this work. This works without detergent too, but the washing may not be good. After washing the machine wrings the clothes. It would have been better if the machine takes out the clothes and put them on the clothes line.', 'Good', 'Inlet pipe too short , it must atlease 2 meters ,Recently me and my relatives bought this 3 washing machine and we bought inlet pipe from outside market worth 400rs . You must provide 2 meters pipe with washing machine', 'Bhut hi achi washing machine hai... Easy to use', 'I am reviewing this after the use of 3 month and multiple wash. This is very good product and value for money. I recommend this to bachelors', 'The product was delivered on time and installation was done within 48hrs. There was a minor fault during installation so the machine broke down, but amazon and samsung both were helpful regarding repairing the machine. The machine is running smoothly now. It is not at all noisy, the controls are fully automatic so very easy to use. One thing i noticed is that it uses less water compared to my old machine (whirlpool top load fully automatic 6.2kg), so this machine saves water too. I would suggest this machine considering its low price and high quality and service.', 'Best', 'Company will provide very short pipe.You will be forced to purchase other one from Samsung service man.You have to no option left'], ['Good', 'Worth for money.', 'Quality of cleaning is better in semi automatic machine.', "I liked it's performance, look, value for money, easiest exchange procedure by Amazon, excellent packing and delivery, quick installation etc etc.", "Only thing I don't like is, the machine has to be manually started again after power cut and it also does not resume washing from the point it stopped, rather starts with the entire washing cycle again.", "Good product,but during delivery need to be more concise..bez after opening the box there was a small skratch on body only bez of transportation ignorance.but the skratch was nominal that's why I don't return back...Hope the product will work well as my expectations", 'Nice', "It's a good machine that arrived in good condition.Was delivered in timeWas installed easily with minimal coordination.What else can you ask for :)", 'Good product only catch is we have to call the company for forst installation.', 'Ok'], ['Samsung will surely assures Efficiency time & money go for it without a second thought 👍', 'This is easy to use , quite enough for  a 4 memberd family .it has many options ,there are many modes which u can use manually acc to the climate. An excellent product from samsung', 'Nice product . But if i want to use only dryer facilities then it is not working.', 'Washing clothes is so easy, also very useful monsoon setting', 'Very good machine. Purchased it during the Republic Day sale and got a steal deal by exchanging my semi automatic 6.5 kg LG washing machine and got 2440/- exchange value. The machine is really easy to use simple and at the same time effective. The best machine in this price range.', 'I brought the machine about 10 months ago and I have faced couple of issues but Samsung Care executives came home and checked the machine, apparently it was low pressure of water that was creating havoc.I sorted that out with a mini pump that provides a better flow of water to the machine.Quite satisfied with the response from Samsung. Would recommend to those on tight budget.Only cn', 'User friendly, weightless and best for front load buyers', 'No noise and power saving washing machine', 'Price and size is ok, make little noise but it is also ok', 'Did not get the warrenty card'], ['Service center asking us to call only customer service and IVR is useless', 'Dent on body', 'Good product', 'Excellent product in this cost', 'It is good ...', 'I am using this from 1 month. This is really a good product and make in India.', '', 'Easy instructions', 'Ordered this in exchange of our old machine which was taken back at fair price of 1300 and the new machine is absolute value for money. Easy to use,convenient and smart to keep. Above all, unlike other brands it energy saving. Saves space and is absolutely good in quality.', 'Very useful for two to three people and very easy to use.'], ['NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Overall good washing machine. Serves the purpose well.', 'All good', 'goods', "Easy to use.. nice cleaning.. I feel little noise but it's ok... Delivery took more time but may be due to I am in village place..  it's not amazon issue but the courier service issue..Overall satisfied with the product ..", 'Very satisfied with the product, Looks pretty. Bought for my parents, they are comfortable using it. Did not get any issue so far. Noise level is very low and Energy efficiency is high.', 'The after sales service of Samsung is very poor. They dont care about u and there are many other better companies to buy products from. My installation itself took 7 days and still not done.', 'Damaged piece delivered.', 'Am happy with the product. Easy to use and effecient', 'Time saving, easy to use, Noise less, function button is an advantage to wash rinse and spin. Monsoon option is good. Portable.'], ["Product deliver defective after that call to customer care for replacement he say it won't be replace it will return, so afterwards you should order again.", 'Noise is medium but product is good', 'A dent found in the the product and it was all dusted, I had to clean it for taking the picture. But packaging was not damaged that means the seller has provided damaged product. Till now I have not used the product as it is just delivered.. hope so the product work good.', "I ordered this washing machine after extensive research and found this was the best weight to cost ratio appliance. You will need to have a water connection within a 1 meter reach and an elevated dry space to keep it. It is pretty lightweight too so placing it on the first floor also wasn't a hassle. Overall a good buy and highly recommended.", "Very easy to use, noise level is low, you don't even realise its washing clothes with such minimum noise, good for a nuclear family of two to three people", 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'This is good since 1 month i am using this. No dislike as of now', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Very niceHappy 😊', 'Value for money. Perfect machine for a small family.'], ["Product deliver defective after that call to customer care for replacement he say it won't be replace it will return, so afterwards you should order again.", 'Noise is medium but product is good', 'A dent found in the the product and it was all dusted, I had to clean it for taking the picture. But packaging was not damaged that means the seller has provided damaged product. Till now I have not used the product as it is just delivered.. hope so the product work good.', "I ordered this washing machine after extensive research and found this was the best weight to cost ratio appliance. You will need to have a water connection within a 1 meter reach and an elevated dry space to keep it. It is pretty lightweight too so placing it on the first floor also wasn't a hassle. Overall a good buy and highly recommended.", "Very easy to use, noise level is low, you don't even realise its washing clothes with such minimum noise, good for a nuclear family of two to three people", 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'This is good since 1 month i am using this. No dislike as of now', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Very niceHappy 😊', 'Value for money. Perfect machine for a small family.'], ['Nice product at reasonable cost. Amazon is trust worthy web to buy all types of items easily', 'Since 2.5 months I am using this Product is good and Working fine.', 'Like', 'Chalane. Asan hai koi pareshani nahi hai', 'Video Player is loading.', 'Good quality product but asks frequently the tub clean cycle.. every 2-3 weeks one n half hr tub clean is too muchPoor customer service n installation technician was very unprofessional/ rude.', 'Product is nice and ease to use with minimum noise and with good energy efficiency up to', "Likes the product a lot especially under 14k it's best option but the drum size I feel is 6 instead of 6.5kg, it should be little more spacious that's why 4 star otherwise you can go for it.", 'Simple, elegant, compact, efficient, and cost effective top loader washing machine. Had used a similar model for 9 years with no issues and this one seems to be similar to that.', 'It is really good and efficient. Much better than the previous models. Washing is effective'], ['Great product good and fast and perfect', 'There is a minor defect but not to worry about that is noise based on environments.', 'Its really a great product and you can go for it,I got it in a deal for around 10K and its user friendly , as I bought this to my mom and even elderly people can handle easily and that is the major positive feedback about the product, it requires only little place to occupy and its overall structure is very compact, totally a great buy and product👍😃😃', 'Very useful machine.. Thank you amazon for your safe delivery!', 'Pros: Gives clean wash of clothes. Less noisy compare to other washing machine of same category. Daily usage is very easy and hassle free, best part is resume function in case of power facilities during a washing cycle.Almost daily usage of this washing machine hardly put dent on electricity bills.Cons: Water inlet pipe length is small.', 'No noise good product 👌', 'Satisfactory so far.', 'it is a good washing machine', 'Very Superb Product to use', "The mchine works fine. but Cleaning at times is not good enough inspite of proper soap and conditioner. We may need to run the load twice in a while inspite of cleaning the Filters. Got it a great price, so I guess, it's a compromise. Not recommended if you have issues with Water shortage, or timings for water release."], ['நல்லது', "Very easy to understand the procedure for operating it. The technician explains it well too.....just put the clothes in and do all your regular stuff.....when the alarm rings....take out the clothes and it is done.....wow..... I found it a bit noisy.....but that's also not any major issues......overall it is 4.5 out of 5.....loved it......great work Samsung.....", 'Product Very Nice.', 'Happy to use', 'Excellent product by samsung', 'Liked', 'Inlet pipe was bit small so had to pay extra 450 for installation.', 'nice', 'Best top loading washing machine', 'Washing Machine works perfectly and very simple to use'], ['I am writing this review after 3 weeks of usage and I must say it works very efficiently, clothes are very well washed without any external efforts however it takes more time  to complete cycles but overall its perfect washing machine for small  families with working women also its noise cancellation feature is worth mentioning ,a reason for adding more stars to it .😃😃😃', 'Sound is very low compared to other machines and monsoon mode, child lock has good features', 'A great machine. Good quality', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', "I'm going to keep this review short and simple. So we bought this washing machine around 1 month back and have had no problems so far, this thing takes workload like a beast and gets the job done in a jiffy. Kudos to amazon and the seller for delivering this in perfect condition!", 'Machine is easy to use energy efficient noise little bit more', 'Good for a small family', 'I am giving three star because1.Energy star rating is three2.memory backup is not available for power outage.3.Inlet pipe provide with machine is very small only one metre, it must be at least two meter.4. Packing was damaged before delivery.All other things are ok you can go for it if energy cost is not an essue for you.', 'Good quality', 'Good value for money. works perfectly fine as expected.'], ['I am writing this review after 3 weeks of usage and I must say it works very efficiently, clothes are very well washed without any external efforts however it takes more time  to complete cycles but overall its perfect washing machine for small  families with working women also its noise cancellation feature is worth mentioning ,a reason for adding more stars to it .😃😃😃', 'Sound is very low compared to other machines and monsoon mode, child lock has good features', 'A great machine. Good quality', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', "I'm going to keep this review short and simple. So we bought this washing machine around 1 month back and have had no problems so far, this thing takes workload like a beast and gets the job done in a jiffy. Kudos to amazon and the seller for delivering this in perfect condition!", 'Machine is easy to use energy efficient noise little bit more', 'Good for a small family', 'I am giving three star because1.Energy star rating is three2.memory backup is not available for power outage.3.Inlet pipe provide with machine is very small only one metre, it must be at least two meter.4. Packing was damaged before delivery.All other things are ok you can go for it if energy cost is not an essue for you.', 'Good quality', 'Good value for money. works perfectly fine as expected.'], ['Very good wash machine. Clothes tangling is an issue.', 'Good', 'Good machine but we need suitable cover on this product', 'I like this product', 'Washing takes almost 1 hr but shows 40 minutesWashing is very goodNoise level is a bit highAuto cut after washingOverall works fine', 'We just moved to a smaller city so we wanted something that was sturdy and easy to operate. We have been using it for a month or so. The washing machine is doing its job perfectly well 🙏', 'Works good ao far ..no problem for past 2 months ..', '', 'Nice Washing machine for small family.', 'The inlet pipe is too small. I had to increase its length by cutting it in the middle and adding an extra pipe to it, as the tap is at a distance. See the picture.'], ['Very good wash machine. Clothes tangling is an issue.', 'Good', 'Good machine but we need suitable cover on this product', 'I like this product', 'Washing takes almost 1 hr but shows 40 minutesWashing is very goodNoise level is a bit highAuto cut after washingOverall works fine', 'We just moved to a smaller city so we wanted something that was sturdy and easy to operate. We have been using it for a month or so. The washing machine is doing its job perfectly well 🙏', 'Works good ao far ..no problem for past 2 months ..', '', 'Nice Washing machine for small family.', 'The inlet pipe is too small. I had to increase its length by cutting it in the middle and adding an extra pipe to it, as the tap is at a distance. See the picture.'], ['Video Player is loading.', 'Horrible noise coming while washing or spinning. Returned back.However, Samsung customer care was not convinced by my complaint of horrible noise and rejected my request to return the product. Thereafter, i raised my issue with Amazon and they have understood my grievance and sent their own technician. The technician have checked the machine thoroughly and come to conclusion that it was some manufacturing defect due to which annoying noise was coming. And next day amazon arranged for pickup of the product and after 2- 3 hours of pickup money was transferred to my bank account. I am very much impressed by such a world class customer grievance redressal system.Thanks alot Amazon Team. Happy to have such great services.', 'Product is good', 'I have been using this product from last 6 months and Fully satisfied.Really value for money', "Cost effective and performance. It's almost automatic with a minimum effort. Not many modes, but good enough for indian needs. Sales and service is ok and staff is polite. One 2 bed duvet is max you can wash in one go.", 'I love this washing machine. After a lot of research ended up buying this for my family of 4. I was hoping to buy inverter technology in a good brand and got this for 16K after bank discount from Amazon.Pros of this washing machine:1. Beautiful Look2. Very less noise3. Diamond tub technology4. Less washing time-approx 40 mins5. Consumes less water- 2 buckets for normal wash6. Washes good load together-12 to 15 big pieces of clothes.7. Monsoon dry feature is really helpful during rains.', "1. Water inlet pipe is very small -1 mtr2. Main wire is also very small - 1.5mtrBoth I had to replace  & spend Rs.1200 extra. 3. After 3 months use I find lint prints on cloths after every washThis is my 3rd Samsung w/m I never faced such problems wid 2 earlier machines.  I'm not happy.I'll not buy Samsung products now.", 'All in one 👍', 'Good, working as of now', 'Overall good product in this price range.'], ['Like', 'Very easy to use and silent operation. You can wash, rinse and spin clothes separately as well. Detects the water level automatically. Has quickwash and energy saving cycle options as well. You can use these options when washing less soiled clothes. Looks great and the installation was done on very next day of the delivery. I bought it for Rs 12,600 with SBI card offer, during Republic Day Sale.', "Product is decent for the price. But that's not alone what determines the quality. After a week since delivery, they didn't send anyone for installation and I had to do it myself. After making numerous calls and complaint requests, I was assured multiple times an engineer would come but never came. I've always been wary of Samsung products but this was the last straw. From now on I will try to avoid buying any Samsung product unless there's no better alternative. I will keep a 3 star for now until I see prolonged usage of this product. I absolutely don't recommend buying Samsung.", '', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Writing the review after three months of usage.it is very much efficient and easy and budget friendly for a family of three people who will use this machine twice or thrice in a week.', 'I am writing this review after many months of use, really i can say this is very fantastic product.My full family is using this product.Thanks Amzon.', 'Excessive lint on clothes after washing', 'Easy to use within the budget for small family. Go for it without a second thought 💭', 'The machine capacity of 6.5 kgs is far below.Earlier we had a Samsung washing machine of 6kg capacity.we were using it for more than 10 years Now with this new machine we are not able to wash even 75 percentage of what we used in the  old machine.May be a under rated capacity of drum is fixed.Amazon has to take up the matter with Samsung.'], ['Decent features for the amount we pay', 'The best Washing machine with reasonable price, the working of the machine is superb. Less price me best quality product. Easily affordable.', 'In the products details, Amazon has clearly written that the products carries 2 years comprehensive warranty while the motor carries 10 years warranty. The same was confirmed by their customer care in a call. However after purchase, when we contacted samsung , they made it clear that they offer only 2 years warranty on motor, and in case of any otherwise claim, only seller is responsible. So beware of this contradiction before purchase.', 'Not so good, compare to our old washing machine.', "Samsung products are quality focused and they are mostly satisfying their customer needs.However, why I put only 2 stars then? It's because of bad experience of installation service of Samsung. No one turned up for installation after delivery and I had to spend Rs 500 to get it installed from outside electrician.", 'Best automatic machine. This machine have lots of features but following are best one1- time saving2- water saving3- no knotes of clothes while washing4- very low noice5- no need to check machine again and again during washing. Machine do all wash to dry in one go..', 'Best product in low money', 'One of the best washing machine ever..', 'Not worth it... Price is high compared to local outlets', 'Power efficient, gentle on clothes .. but only single rinse programming.'], ['Decent features for the amount we pay', 'The best Washing machine with reasonable price, the working of the machine is superb. Less price me best quality product. Easily affordable.', 'In the products details, Amazon has clearly written that the products carries 2 years comprehensive warranty while the motor carries 10 years warranty. The same was confirmed by their customer care in a call. However after purchase, when we contacted samsung , they made it clear that they offer only 2 years warranty on motor, and in case of any otherwise claim, only seller is responsible. So beware of this contradiction before purchase.', 'Not so good, compare to our old washing machine.', "Samsung products are quality focused and they are mostly satisfying their customer needs.However, why I put only 2 stars then? It's because of bad experience of installation service of Samsung. No one turned up for installation after delivery and I had to spend Rs 500 to get it installed from outside electrician.", 'Best automatic machine. This machine have lots of features but following are best one1- time saving2- water saving3- no knotes of clothes while washing4- very low noice5- no need to check machine again and again during washing. Machine do all wash to dry in one go..', 'Best product in low money', 'One of the best washing machine ever..', 'Not worth it... Price is high compared to local outlets', 'Power efficient, gentle on clothes .. but only single rinse programming.'], ['Good one', 'Good one', 'On time delivery. Great product . I am a Samsung fan . All electronics in my household are Samsung and I love their customer service. Highly recommend as its very easy to use', 'This washing machine is very good with noise level and everything. Very value for money machine.', 'Not that much effective in stain removal', 'Noise sound is the main reason and take more water', 'Good', 'Value of money', 'Easy to use', 'I have been using this product daily for the last few months and till now Iam satisfactory with the product. Only drawback with this machine is that, we wont be able to manually set the water level (incase of any water shortage). Water level is automatically set by the machine.'], ['Like', 'Na', 'This one is Value for Money. Easy to operate.', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Dryer is not working properly ...', 'Almost zero noise. Clean my delicate clothes softly. Must buy.', 'Good', 'Performance is ok , you need heavy pressure water supply in your house then only go for it, otherwise it will not work, required additional booster pump. around Rs 4000+ plumbing expenses', 'Shipped in a very good package, no damage or no defect found in the product, overall good performance, user friendly and efficient Washing Machine for affordable price.', 'Nice product'], ["On Amazon it says demo installation is free and technician will call within 36 hours. But hasn't called or showed up yet. Samsung says talk to Amazon for this.", 'Its a good product', 'Overall value for money, for single family and working person, till 1 week of usePros_ budget friendly, easy to use, stylish, normal clothes cleans good, all programs for wash are added.Cons_ very short length hose pipe with machine,', 'Overall machine is working fine except some noise of motor while taking water in machine. Anybody interested can buy given machine at these price.', 'Like: all features, this is a replacement after 15 years of the same type of Samsung top loader.Dislike: the cheater installation guy who took Rs 2000 for a cover and stand without giving a receipt and disappeared.', 'I have bought this top load washing machine from Amazon with 12 months EMI. I have noticed that noise level slightly more but rest all the functionality is great. Value for money and I recommend this product. I will review again after 6 months.', 'Easy to operate', 'Going well so far!', 'Worth for the money. Bought it in summer sale for 12.5k. It does it job better.', "Dislike about its cleaning as basic stain removing is very poor. As daily wash cleaning is below average as stain removal is very poor.. It's just rinse and spin but cleaning is very poor.."], ['Super product at this price loved it.', '', "Good product removes dirt nicely waiting for to check energy efficiency it's only 3 star so not much of expectation from that side", 'The product is too small for domestic use of a standard family. I would like to return the product immediately.', 'Like damage exchange in time', 'small scartches inside so always open n check n take', 'Excellent productOutstanding build quality', 'Super...', "Does it's job. But sometimes have to run twice to remove stain. May be will have to use the soak option. Not great I say... Spin is slow.", ''], ['Super product at this price loved it.', 'Video Player is loading.', "Good product removes dirt nicely waiting for to check energy efficiency it's only 3 star so not much of expectation from that side", 'The product is too small for domestic use of a standard family. I would like to return the product immediately.', 'Like damage exchange in time', 'small scartches inside so always open n check n take', 'Excellent productOutstanding build quality', 'Super...', "Does it's job. But sometimes have to run twice to remove stain. May be will have to use the soak option. Not great I say... Spin is slow.", ''], ['First automatic washing machine in home. Quite easy to operate. As per user it consume bit more water as compare to semiautomatic.Used only one time currently.Overall nice experience while use.Will share experience after sometime of usage .', 'Superb. Life made easy', 'Good machine', 'nice product ,packaging,installation.. delivery was not gud though..product working fine!!', 'Good product', 'Good product, good delivery by Amazon. So far so good', 'Very good product. Fast Delivery.quick installation. Very satisfied', 'Very nice product..', 'From the day i installed this machine i m relieved because the clothes are cleaner than before and even there is no noise voming out of the machineIt is very easy to use even elders in my house are not having any problem in using it', 'Nice product'], ['Liked for noise level', 'Very comfortable and happy', "I got this for my parents as it's operation is quite simple. I'm writing this review after using it for an year. Washing machine is really nice and is working in a good condition till now. Happy with the purchase.", 'Reasonable price', 'Amazing product', 'Easy to use. Regarding noise level we have to wait & see in the long run.', 'Its my second time purchase. Its low maintenance and value for money', 'One of the best washing machine in this range. As I bought it for my parents,  I was expecting it to be easy to use. My parents are happy.', 'This is a really a very good product but only issue that it takes lot of water . Thanks Samsung', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW'], ['The product is up to the mark for its Price', 'Good', 'Good', 'Water inlet pipe and outlet pipe is too small.Small space to put clothes in the tub.Tub looks smaller due to this.No trolley', "Worst product don't buy this.. i have said the OTP to deliver guys where we have seen the product top.. but when the installation guy opened the seal we have observed dents on washing machine at bottom spoke. To amazon on same they don't want to replace the item and saying to check each and every nut during delivery of product.. how could this be possible checking every nut. As this is an electronic item we cannot check pin to pin while delivering the product.. working to file a case on Amazon and will see them in consumer court... Worst and worst product and customer service who cannot help customers", 'Easy handling, got installation service within 2days.', 'Very good', 'I received the product yesterday and it got installed today. It is so cute to watch and simple to use. I had used semi auto twice previously and the motor broke for both of them. And this attracted me with 10 years of warranty and the reviews. Its so smart and silent than other ones. I give full stars to delivery, product and installation executive.', 'Installation person not give proper guidance.', 'As usual the washing machine was good the best part was the customer care service.. They were humble and easy enough to make us understand how to use it'], ['Excellent', 'This product is not so quite as compared to other brands. Installation technician is more interested in selling smart warranty and extra accessories.', "Its very noisy and model is old not an updated version that's available in market now . Basic version of automatic washing machine. Looks elegant and designs is good color and drum design is good.", 'Best budget machine for batchlor and family for 2-3members, this was my 2nd order of same machine, i recommend to other in budge products', 'Right', 'Good product at this price', 'Easy to use but make lot of noise. The washing cycle is also very short. I am not able to find a washing Cycle Mode for more than 45 Min. which is uncommon as most good brands provide longer duration for better washing.', "Recommended for everyday use. It does take up significantly more water. Spin dry cycle doesnt really clear out all water, it's not a big deal if you will eventually hang the clothes up to dry. Installation was easy(I was in a bind as old machine wasn't working and clothes were piling up) , I followed the instructions in the manual, and could do it myself.", 'Value for money', 'Wash itna acha ni krti hai mom ne kha hai😂😂😂😂'], ['Very simple and easy to use, excellent budget product from Samsung. Also very energy efficient and ideal for senior citizens who doesn’t want too many controls and programs. Highly recommended.', 'Order this product in a slight Hesitation but was amazed by its performance at a very reasonable price. I am writing this review after 2weeks of usage, its Simply superb.', "I would have given 5 * rating but as there is a dent on the washing machine, I'm giving 3*. Over all performance is really good. Better than my old Whirlpool machine.", 'Delivered on time and in good condition, no challenges whatsoever with the product for a small family', 'Machine is good but installation service very bad not properly installed machine', 'Ordered - Delivered n installation in day ..Thank you Amazon for the product exchange ease .. got a great deal.As for d machine .. seems great compact will use n updateOverall a great.', "It's a very worthful product when compared with other companies. It's very easy to use. Brand installation is successfully completed and their demo can be understood in a easy way.When coming to washing machine it is very useful product and low noise emitting.", 'Good', 'Price seem to be 1k less today (10/04/2021) coupon + exchange amount, than what I was offered on Prime day. Very disappointing as regular benefits are better than prime and makes us rethink about prime membership', 'Good product and service not doubt from Samsung with unmatched price. Good work by Amazon on time delivery. For 4 people in a family that go for it.'], ['Quick, less water consumption and electricity, less noise and addon featuresCons: hot water washing would have been great', 'My second purchase for my in-laws. Very nice product, does the job perfectly. Very highly Recommended. Better price and delivery of services by Amazon', 'The machine was delivered on due date, and installed by the Samsung Service efficiently.Up and running is two days.', 'Noise level is low', "First product received was damaged had easily recognisable dent on the front side, while the box looked absolutely fine, the second replacement product received had a minor dent again on front side not visible by naked eyes until you see from side angle and scratch on left side at the bottom. I gifted this machine to my mother, but now we tired of having it replaced again and again, it is good to buy electronic items from Croma, we have had amazing experience till now. We would think more than 100 times now before ordering from Amazon atleast big electronic appliances. I really don't know who to reach out whether Amazon, Retailer / Dealer or Samsung?", "Product is really good but poor service from the home installation team. It's been 2 times I request but they have cancelled the requested. I think it's a crime to get products from Amazon", 'Best Washing Machine In This Price', 'Good product within budget', 'Comfortable for three members familyEasy to use it', 'Very good'], ["Product is good in condition(no damaged) and working well also but packaging Is not good (seal it from all sides it's not sealed from bottom)...", 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Good to buy', 'Superior wash quality and easy to use. Water pump takes longer than usual for filling the water.', 'Working perfectly fine - one month Review', 'Very disappoint with the quality of body. Cheap quality plastic used mostly.', 'As per specs', "I was able to manage this by adding water manually(bucket water). I thought it needs a tap water supply. But I was able to manage with manual water filling in the machine. Through quick wash, it washes in 10 min and spins and dries clothes better. Overall, I'm glad I purchased this!", 'Been using it for around a year now.Works quite good', 'For washing clothes'], ["Product is good in condition(no damaged) and working well also but packaging Is not good (seal it from all sides it's not sealed from bottom)...", 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Good to buy', 'Superior wash quality and easy to use. Water pump takes longer than usual for filling the water.', 'Working perfectly fine - one month Review', 'Very disappoint with the quality of body. Cheap quality plastic used mostly.', 'As per specs', "I was able to manage this by adding water manually(bucket water). I thought it needs a tap water supply. But I was able to manage with manual water filling in the machine. Through quick wash, it washes in 10 min and spins and dries clothes better. Overall, I'm glad I purchased this!", 'Been using it for around a year now.Works quite good', 'For washing clothes'], ['My mother is very happy,Go for itQuality & Price is best in the city', 'Good', 'Worth for money', 'very good product', 'Good product', 'I have purchased this washing machine 5 month before, as of now it is working very well. A person visited for installation & service was very nice guy and explained us very well. We are very happy to buy this product.', 'Worse products you will not get any support from customer care washing quality is very bad Also clothes are getting trone and noone is there to support you.', 'Its good but only problem is when it starts to spins then it make some initial noise of banging to the body but once it pick of the speed then it gets normal. Value for money and very good if you buying washing machine for first time. If its your second time purchase i would suggest to go with front load.', 'Good', 'Nice'], ['Good and money value product', 'Good product', 'Noise level it too low and easy to use', 'Like the product', 'Thank you Amazon for fash delivery. Genuine product. Washing machine works very well with low noise level.', 'Super product .. I did a lot of washing machine search. Finally, Samsung was selected as the best. Correct set for middle class budget like Malanti .. 8 Month works very well. No compliant .. Take it without thinking for sure', 'Easy to use', 'Good product', 'Excellent machine. Very easy to use. No wobbling etc. as reported by others probably because the machine is placed on tiled floor in my bathroom and is perfectly balanced. Very good spin drying. I am also using LG front loading direct drive in another residence of mine and this machine performs equally well.  Pl go for it.', 'The product seems to be fine. But looks like the delivery caused some dents in the front part of the washing machine.Thought of putting up a replacement request, but that would have taken too long. Hence settling with this.'], ['Good and money value product', 'Good product', 'Noise level it too low and easy to use', 'Like the product', 'Thank you Amazon for fash delivery. Genuine product. Washing machine works very well with low noise level.', 'Super product .. I did a lot of washing machine search. Finally, Samsung was selected as the best. Correct set for middle class budget like Malanti .. 8 Month works very well. No compliant .. Take it without thinking for sure', 'Easy to use', 'Good product', 'Excellent machine. Very easy to use. No wobbling etc. as reported by others probably because the machine is placed on tiled floor in my bathroom and is perfectly balanced. Very good spin drying. I am also using LG front loading direct drive in another residence of mine and this machine performs equally well.  Pl go for it.', 'The product seems to be fine. But looks like the delivery caused some dents in the front part of the washing machine.Thought of putting up a replacement request, but that would have taken too long. Hence settling with this.'], ['Using the washing machine for more than a month. good product. Low nice. No vibration.installation service was good.Satisfied with the product.', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Easy to use not very noisy & durable product must buy product', "The washing machine is super helpful. It's a great value for money at this price. Only downside is it fills water to its brim for both washing and rinsing irrespective if the clothes are less or more. So water is wasted . Apart from that rest everything is awesome", "This is the second time I bought this machine. It's a good one and is recommended to others. Noise level is minimum. Easy to operate. It could be better if the machine had the stand and cover along with it.", '', 'Noise levels low and EASY TO USE.. BUT Installing taken 10 Days From the The date of came', 'Nice products', 'Nice one', "Its good but but the size is not a 6.5 kg ..it's very small as I compare my 6 kg washing machine."], ['The water does not stop at the level set ??', 'I purchased this product for domestic use . The product quality is good. Even noise level are less. Overall excellent product in this price range.', 'Was not sure to buy due to fear of receiving broken or dented product but I took my chance and bought it and it came to my house safely and it was perfect .I installed it myself it was very easy to doOver-all a very good value for money washing machine', 'Best in segment', "Noise is more than usual, modes to use need to improve, surf and fabric conditioner must put at a time, because no interval for fabric conditioner.  Horrible sounds while wash.  I'm not happy with the use of machine.", 'Fantastic , best product ,easy to use  , reasonable price , service on time', "It's been one of my best purchase.. I work for 12 hours a day and I was using a semi automatice which made me get up everytime to do different tasks but this machine made my work so loght", 'The product delivered is defective', 'Very Good Machine 🤟🤟🤟🤟', 'Product is good to use and it cleans clothes very well. But the issue is with the noise. Even you balanced out the cloth around the drum, it make a loud noise while spinning.'], ['Good product and value for moneyBut it makes lot of noice ,it scared me sometimes after 3,4 mnth of purchase', 'Good', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Easy to carry and light weight too this is the best of all fully automatic product from samsung in this price segment', 'வயதானவர்களுக்கு பயன்படுத்த  எளிதானது', 'Noise level is very less. Takes more water and not sure about energy efficiency.', 'The product is good however o received a dented product. Did not expect this from amazon.', 'Used it for a week now. Easy to use. No problems. The inlet pipe was very short and I had to buy an extra 2 meter long pipe from outside.', 'idk how to use it properly,but does the job properly.', 'There was a dent in the first one Amazon delivered and they sent a replacement that arrived in 2 days without too much fuss and with a convenient procedure. The machine itself is very good on all accounts.'], ['It’s a good product and it doesn’t have much noise. It is easy to use. I like the monsoon option very much because it helps to get the dress more dry. It’s very useful in rainy season and winter.', "It's a very nice product.Using from past few days and performance was good.", 'Superb 👌👍', 'Happy with product post approx 1 month use .Price wise I am happy and doing the same work properly for the reason I bought :) . So no complaintsPackaging is superb . Thanks to seller', 'Product is good and value for money. People looking for advance options may not be satisfied. Hot water and inverter technology is not available', 'Good Machine...', 'This is a good easy to operate machine with the right amount of features. Clothes come out clean and quite dry. No problems after even 2 months of use', 'Brought this for use in our hostel.8 people are using it on regular basis with 2-3rounds daily, for past 8 months and is working perfectly well.One of best washing machine for students to use in hostel.', 'The washing machine is a great value for money.. at the time of buying it was under 14k. There is minimal noise and no vibrations. With monsoon mode the clothes dry upto 90% and need only 10 min outdoors to dry completely.The clothes comes out very well cleaned in par with the front load washing machine.', 'Looking exchange offer for my old semi automatic washing machine &  I got this samsung fully automatic washing machine as a exchange offer.....superb & fast service customer care service also good ... overall overall good product....must buying 👍🏻👍🏻'], ["Delivery was too slow just like a 🐌snail, even though the product was good and samsung as always kept it's name.", "Using it for almost two months now without any issues. It's dry and rinses the clothes completely. Very much user friendly. Noise level is very low and low shakes during spin. With this price I am completely satisfied.", 'I bought this model and found that there is serious bug which the manufacturer needs to look into and have to fix. This machine will not drain the last used water for rinse if you select the function Wash+Rinse or Rinse only. The water used for the last rinse will remain in the tub and it cannot be drained. For to whom the mentioned is not clear I will explain my experience. I turned on the machine and manually selected Wash and Rinse function and skipped Spin because I preferred to get the clothes dried on direct sunlight. The cycle selected in Soak+Normal. The machine started washing then moved to the next stage which is rinsing. The whole process got completed in an hour and machine automatically turned off but the water used for last rinse still remains in the tub. There is no way to drain the last used water. In short if you do not opt for Spin function then the last intake water will remain in the wash tub even after completion of whole process. Is there any fix for this?', 'Washing machine is working well as expected....one star less for a Dent on the body...as it is s small dent....not proceed for replacement', 'Its not noisy and works silently compared to other Washing Machines I have used. Also wash cycles clean the clothes quite well and much less tangling of clothes. It’s centre jet technology is good. Happy to have it.', 'Very silent machine..Excellent...', 'Exellent', "Very nice product easy to use only one thing I have a problem with this washing machine is that consumption of water is  to much then samy for 4 famaly mamber it's good for them. Low noise one thing I have  issues that  dust collecting is  not  properly collected the dust.", 'Best washing machine at this price range. Its more than sufficient for family of 4 people. I will give it 4.5*/5 overall.', 'It would have been better, if the power cable was one or two metres longer. My earlier Samsung 6 kg silver nano washing machine had longer power cable.'], ['AFTER LOCK THE MACHINE____OTHER BUTTON STILL WORKS____OTHER THINGS ARE GOOD', 'Very nice product and easy to use.', 'Best option for anyone who doesnot want to spent days researching and comparing.Trusted brand, very good value for money product.', "nice product I have purchased this machine in 6.5 variant but it looks very small the drum is very small doesn't look 6.5 my old LG machine was 6 kg and that was bigger than this", 'Awesome', 'Like', 'Nice washing machine at this cost. Very easy to use.. Very quite.. Demo and installation was done in 24 hours.. Nice work by Samsung.. Also delivered within 2 days by amazon.. If you are looking for a good washing machine at this cost, then go for it....', '', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Wanted a fibre body machine none available in amzon.Had to go for steel one. Not happy.Otherwise the performance is good.'], ['AFTER LOCK THE MACHINE____OTHER BUTTON STILL WORKS____OTHER THINGS ARE GOOD', 'Very nice product and easy to use.', 'Best option for anyone who doesnot want to spent days researching and comparing.Trusted brand, very good value for money product.', "nice product I have purchased this machine in 6.5 variant but it looks very small the drum is very small doesn't look 6.5 my old LG machine was 6 kg and that was bigger than this", 'Awesome', 'Like', 'Nice washing machine at this cost. Very easy to use.. Very quite.. Demo and installation was done in 24 hours.. Nice work by Samsung.. Also delivered within 2 days by amazon.. If you are looking for a good washing machine at this cost, then go for it....', '', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Wanted a fibre body machine none available in amzon.Had to go for steel one. Not happy.Otherwise the performance is good.'], ['Good washing machine in this price with required washing modes.', 'Purchased it recently. As of now no problem. Team came for installation and demo. Everything was very smooth.', 'Product is good but installation needs to done by your own , I have not received any proper support from installation team', 'it is cheap compare to other washing machine , only problem with this is some time noise level is very high.', 'Good', 'Model is a value for money product. People who need a ful automatic washing machine below Rs 15000 can go for this. Yes', 'Super', 'Thrilled with this machine!', 'Overall machine is good, but spinning/Drying feature is not up to the mark.', ''], ["Machine is nice but didn't work for normal spin only selection need to figure it out. Overall nice and big thanks to Amazon", 'Product was good with good power saving and also low noise and easy to use.', 'Video Player is loading.', 'Everything okWater pumping slow then takes time highly', 'This is second washing with similar model i was using.No complaints.', 'Good in washing esay to handle but little sound is heavy while using', 'Product delivered in time. Running as desired.Good cost to quality.', 'Washes very well and does not damage the fabric!', 'Easy to use dryer is very good easy installation. Clothes are very clean.', 'Its comfortable and no noice and good products'], ['', 'Really good machine for daily usage. However, the dryer wrinkles the clothes and ironing will be required for daily usage which is not feasible.', 'NOW REPLACED WITH NEW SAMSUNG MACHINE WITH MODERN FEATURES AND SEEMS EASY TO USE', 'I have a Samsung Front Load and have been very happy with it. This one i ordered for my farm house. Its so good, actually better than the FL machine. I liked it so far.', '', 'Worth to buy..Nice product and easy to use..One remark is..Hose valve nt attached and filter also non removable..', "Good washing machine nyc features in some reviews i found people saying it has too much noise level but it was very silent in comparison to other brands so don't fall in trap go for it.", 'Like the samsung service guy, polite and helpful.Works nicely, have another similar model from last 3 years.Top load samsung washing machines are very much reliable in long run no doubt.', 'Everything is Good', 'super'], ['Video Player is loading.', 'Really good machine for daily usage. However, the dryer wrinkles the clothes and ironing will be required for daily usage which is not feasible.', 'NOW REPLACED WITH NEW SAMSUNG MACHINE WITH MODERN FEATURES AND SEEMS EASY TO USE', 'I have a Samsung Front Load and have been very happy with it. This one i ordered for my farm house. Its so good, actually better than the FL machine. I liked it so far.', '\xa0Washing machine is very good 😊', 'Worth to buy..Nice product and easy to use..One remark is..Hose valve nt attached and filter also non removable..', "Good washing machine nyc features in some reviews i found people saying it has too much noise level but it was very silent in comparison to other brands so don't fall in trap go for it.", 'Like the samsung service guy, polite and helpful.Works nicely, have another similar model from last 3 years.Top load samsung washing machines are very much reliable in long run no doubt.', 'Everything is Good', 'super'], ["There is a dent in washing Machine but the manufacturer deny to return or replace this item... The policy is useless or making fool to customer...I request to everyone don't buy this type of products without knowing the policy.", 'Everything is fine... But felt like the cleanliness of clothes is bit less', 'Working well', 'Very nice product. I love it', 'I liked the simplicity in operation. Water consumption is normal. Cleaning is okay type. Not vey good like hand washed. Adding Ujala is a problem. Then the tub is always having some water and is not fully draining always. This may create rusting problem.', 'Product is good. However, packaging was torned at the time of delivery.', 'Surf wala paani jaldi e nikaal deti h 10_15min baad e, batter hai kapde dhone se 30min phale e surf me bigoo k rakh de..', 'Nice delivery Nice price Delivery within 3days of Order', "It's working very smoothly", 'Very useful little family ❤️'], ['Giving review after using 6 months. Nice product with performance, design, time, electricity and value of money. Delivery on time. Demo as expected. Amazon customer support was good. Overall good experience. Thank you Amazon & team.', 'Till now it is running well. Simple form of full automatic washing machine. Easy to use. It does not warm water. Good for family of 4.', 'Very good', 'Damage', "Purchased it in April 2022.Post wash in the machine - my clothes come out with lots of lint, stains don't get washed, sweaty gym clothes still smell of sweat.I have done the clean tub multiple times and called Samsung customer care seeking for it to be fixed. I've had two technicians visit my place for the complaints I've raised twice and take pictures of pre and post wash but with no remedy.It's disappointing to see a known brand do nothing to ensure quality and customer satisfaction.I would not recommend anybody to purchase this particular product.", 'Good when compared with other brands. Also compact in size and efficient.  Go for it.', 'Quality is excellent', 'The machine is easy to use with about average noise as compared to my old semiautomatic machine. Clothes are clean. MONSOON FEATURE IS SAME AS RINSE NOT MUCH DIFFERENT was expecting clothes to be more dry.', 'Does the washing limited prorgams n time per wash is longer than my earlier washing machines', 'Product is good and upto the mark'], ['Useless product as it consumes lot of water and detergent it still stains not cleared', "Very efficient product. Easy to use and does not make a lot of noise. Alert music's present for every stage of the wash which reminds and tells what is happening without even looking at the machine", "High noise level as I moved from front load to topload. Other than that it's good.", 'Water inflow point of this machine chocked... No proper respond by service center post complaint', 'Since 2 and Half month machine is fentastic', 'Initially it was good, but after two months it started making noise and there is no warranty service through Amazon.', 'Value for money, installation done in 24 hrs', 'Good product but need some more years warranty.', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Silent,spacious,clean laundry comes out after washingEasy to use menu options.Budget friendlyA must buy'], ["It's working fine till now", 'It’s very useful...Once installed properly , working amazing ...Noise littleVibrating littleI buy 13999 RS', 'I was not expecting much but now after the 1st use of this machine I am satisfied.', 'Length of the water pipe is smaller than other Washing Machine brands like LG. It can bend and break easily.', 'Excellent product for a family of 4', 'Got dent within 2 days', 'Everything is good', "It doesn't remove dirt from the clothes", 'Good product value for money', "Drum seems to be broken from inside and it's not working,Raised a return request on 6th only and still not getting any response from Amazon team."], ["The noise is more compared to the old LG machine I used. Also when the power goes off in between it starts from the beginning. Even if we pause and open the lid it errs out with an error and have to start from beginning.The biggest disappointment is from the customer care. It's really really hard to connect to customer care and they just disconnect without responding to the issues.Got a lesson not to buy any Samsung products as customer care is so bad", 'Excellent washing machine. Minimal noise level and easy to use. Thanks Samsung!!', 'the best part is the machine is pretty easy to use...my grandfather easily understood the modes and procedure to wash.thanks to diamond drum so the wash and dry quality is impressive too !', 'The machine makes a very loud noise which is irritating. Can u make anything for the same.', 'Overall a nice product, good buy.', 'Owesome at fourteen thousand INR', 'Loved the product after using it . Very easy to use and does not damage clothes. Installation process was also smooth. I am mainly washing heavy clothes like curtains and bedsheets and comes out almost dry . Soak option helps to get rid of tough stains . Very happy with the purchase :)', "I had ordered this washing machine for my mom and she is so happy, it's easy to use and has multiple features.", 'Product is good Washing Machine is using my friend', 'I purchased this WM for my father in law who was using an automatic machine for the first time. After a very detailed online lecture, he is able to run the machine on his own.'], ["Good Washing machine .Pathetic service from samsung. It's been a week but nobody came for installation. Need to use local plumber to install the product.", 'Very very useful and compact and user friendly washing machine.  Only request is get a good technician to assist with buying various accessories like hose extension, drain line and drain covers as local plumbers are lacking idea of how why or quality of items to be used...', 'Noise level is very low compared to others. Really it’s good. Thanks to Amazon.', 'The machine is exclusively good for washing. The material is good quality. The rat plate is the cheapest material used compared to Whirlpool machines.', "This is a really complex washing machine. I found this product totally useless and a waste of time. Somehow my semi automatic machine was could do better washing at less time and doesn't need separate water connection for itself", 'Delivery service was excellent and they are to good ..this is a bst part of my purchase..thanks', 'Machine is works great. Really easy to use and washes clothes clean. Really satisfied with product', "Worst product received not cleaning properly...can't believe Samsung product can be like this.", 'As expected of a Samsung product - good buy!', "It works beautifully. Washes clothes superb. Dries them really well. Bought it around a month ago, touchwood so far so good! Also I use surf excel matic with it. I'm really happy with the result."], ['That product is amazing but samsung installation system are very bad because not answering by samsung customer care.', 'I was using the same machine but coz it was old I sold it a week back n I bought the same new one....3rd day over... No one yet called or said anything about the installation... M standing near machine with  my soiled linen', 'This is a very basic model with reasonable price and good brand name. It is very easy to use as has less functionality and complication so good for those who are going to purchase for the first time or for those who wants just normal machine with basic functions.', 'Installed it myself, runs like a charm - wife loves it', "This Samsung washing machine is very customer friendly and serves our requirements very well.  Our water supply n electricity supply are erratic.  We're able to use the machine against all odds.", 'Simple and works well, no vibration, built in stand is great. Overall satisfied with the product', 'It is very difficult to contact Samsung Customer Care. And they did not bother to install it till now. Kept lying about date. No technician has called till now. And the person who assured that technician will call is not answering phone now.I would like to replace Samsung with something from other company.  Was thinking to buy Samsung refrigerator.  Looking at the extremely bad customer service from Samsung, would now consider other brands.', 'Really good product. Thank you Amazon.', 'Machine received but one dent sport in front side also same notice by demon engineer rest product is good & working nice', 'Worst samsung instalation service..They refused to install if no stand is purchsed from them... They compelled me to pay rs.1200 for the stand despite having my own stand. They failed to install inlet pipe properly. I have to do it on my own..'], ["Very good product . Worth buying it. amazing Amazon. Careless transportation .. product was damaged as shown in the picture. Couldn't replace it as we are having technical issue with the older one.", 'VFM , good product', 'One can buy it ,, it’s good', '', 'Low power', 'With in 2 months start button is not working,not happy with the product,pls inform the service person to cal me immediately', 'Easy to use worth for money', 'Installation services not good.. Delayed service', 'Good for use.', 'Cannot extend the water line'], ["Very good product . Worth buying it. amazing Amazon. Careless transportation .. product was damaged as shown in the picture. Couldn't replace it as we are having technical issue with the older one.", 'VFM , good product', 'One can buy it ,, it’s good', '', 'Low power', 'With in 2 months start button is not working,not happy with the product,pls inform the service person to cal me immediately', 'Easy to use worth for money', 'Installation services not good.. Delayed service', 'Good for use.', 'Cannot extend the water line'], ['Once you purchase samsung washing machine from Amazon,you can not expect services from samsung.Samsung is one of the worst and trust less brand ever.Samsung customer service denied services and replacement because I have purchased this from Amazon.some how I managed to get service for noise and executive agreed for same but samsung denied for replacement.more over They do not provide you service note even after ask multiple times.service guy do not pick your call since you asked service note reports.Boycott samsung,i will never recommend to anyone to purchase any samsung products.', 'No dislike', 'Good working great product 👌👍 TNX Amazon.', 'Mechine is making too horible sound after 4-5 months', 'Best washing machine for 2-3 person but dont purchase any home appliances from amazon go for flipkart bcz delivery man cant took home appliance as you want and ask for charge so flipkart is best for thatWashing machine has too much sensor programm and also less button wirk fine', 'Good automatic washing machine. Quality as well as value for money.', 'Happy with the product,  Thanks Amazon & Samsung', 'It very easy to operate, as I have been using Samsung washing from the past 10 years, I have taken this its very much durable.. In top loaded machines its best.', "Sumsung  product is damaged  .I can't  start because  engineer  not come to installation  so I can't  give reviews  machine  working or not and silent  during  working  I hope Amazon replace my product", 'Best Washinmachine in the market. My all family members use the same brand from long time. Even one of mechanic suggested to buy this or LG for longer life. I got installed with my known mechanic as he gave got rest Washinmachine accessories fitted by himself.'], ['All I can say is go for it if you are looking for a top load, great product. Did face some challenge with installation as the technician took his own sweet time to come but post that it’s been a smooth journey so far', 'If you are looking  for top loading  machine  it is worth  we had front loading  now we brought  this we feel this is much better', 'Nice Product | Value for money.', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'With in 2 -3 days service conducted', 'Easy to use , noise level is very less and it also stays stable while doing the spin ..  great product from samsung. Also it comes with tub cleaning Function..', 'Hi All,  Before buying this product please read fully and you can decide. This washing machine has stopped working with in 1.5 years. I registered a complaint and technician visited my place and asking inspection fee (350 + 18% Tax) and warranty is very worst. I have done with 1600 INR to repair my machine.Total cost of the machine is : 15000+1600 =16600Better go with some other brands', 'Superb washing quality value for money. Must recommendBought@ 13000 (6.5kg)', 'Its ok', "Price wise product is good. It's a average product and ok as per budget."], ["The machine can't clean the stains and dirt on clothes properly. Highly disappointed", "Water intake is very slow don't know why and one unnecessary machine sound is coming out of this", 'Worst for installment process almost i had to wait for more than month & still yet to come then lastly i have to install my washing machine make sure nobody need to be shop online especially electronics things request to all', 'Using this washing machine for past 1months really valuable for money. On time delivery and installation is done very clearly. So far work superbly. I recommend to my many friends too.', 'So far so good. Its been a month since i have been using this machine. So far it is good', 'Over all good', "Been many months since using this product, works very well no issues faced I'm glad I've ordered it", 'This is another excellent product we have got from Samsung and never be going out of expectations as always with Samsung.', 'spin function is terrible', 'This machine is very easy to use. Just switch it on after putting in the detergent and relax. Its water efficient too. And another feature is that the machine is very slim and so requires very little space. It is noiseless, efficient and complete value for money.'], ['Product is good, but takes a lot of time', 'Its 3 star rating product.This was not mentioned in the description anywhere. Otherwise I would have considered different product with better energy saving star rating.', 'Paisa vasool', "The body of the washing machine is torn and they don't want to change me, the box is fine, it comes defective from the factory", 'Such a great washing machine. Occupying very less space, less noise, overall we are satisfied 👍', 'Easy to use', 'Good product at that price', 'Not good', 'As of now working fine.', 'Thanks Amazon! Liked this a lot'], ["Quite a good product in low price. It's essence is simplicity. When everything is getting complicated day by day there is something really simple. Easy to use, tuff body, take less space . All together a value for money .", 'Very useful for me', 'Easy to install and operate. The Samsung service center conceded on time for installation and was gratified with the prevailing execution', 'Good washing machine based on previous purchased I hv reordered this one', "Very easy  to use. After one month of purchase. I'm satisfied", 'It does it work perfectly. No noise and less vibration and good Machine. Worth the money, go for it.', 'Will give after installation', 'Very good washing machine. Less noise, sturdy, good cleaning of clothes and easy to use. Happy with the purchase.', 'I like this product', 'Door is loose Everytime i receive message as DC in the diplay monitor of the machine Pls help'], ['10 year warrnty on motor is the best in samsung. Washing machine is best, not noisey, less energy consumption', 'One of best economic fully automatic washing machines in Top load category.Washing quality better using Amway SA8 liquid laundry detergent. Just using for 2 months and getting satisfactory results.', 'super !', 'Brilliant product', 'For those of you looking for a 5 Star product, this is 3 star. We bought it because it was linked in a 5 Star description product. When we received it turned out to be 3 star and amazon is not allowing us to exchange it. Shame on amazon India. Worst service ever', 'fully satisfied with this washing machine, Samsung is a kind of brand on whom I have 100% trust.Functions are simple and easy to understand, works without vibration and no noise.', 'All are 👍', 'Product happy but service guys try to take additional money by forcing other purchases', 'Nice product. Low noise level, functionality is easy.', "You'll get quick washes. Easy installation and detailed demo.This is just perfect for a small family"], ['There is so much noise during  working over-all not happy with the product', "It does not make loud noise at all . It's good for daily wash bt soiled clothes needs to be cleaned us especially collars and cuffs otherswise it's good for all", 'Good machine in budget 👍', "Metal body  I don't like. Water can damage the body.", 'All good only one disadvantage is that inlet Pipe is too small (only of 1m) Overall it is good. 😊😊 i purchase for my mother and she is happy.', 'Good', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Normal noise', "This is absolutely a washing machine which I wanted..... doesn't make noise while washing clothes.... different washing cycle as per our need and also a child lock"], ['Great Working.', "Good, but it's little bit noisy.", 'It working nicely. Delegate cleaning and smooth operation. The different mood help to maintain the quality of the clothes and help to opt the best mood for each category.', 'Overall good', 'Worth to buy..', 'Good basic product at this price point.It solves your purpose. It does not have turbo mode and soft closing lid.I am happy with product and installation', 'Good Product and like Samsung a quality one', 'Samsung top load best one', 'Easy to use', 'Satisfied... No complaints till now'], ['NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Ok Good', 'Easy to use but longevity to be seen.', "Nice product. Don't install it yourself, not even open the cardboard box. You will spoil the warranty if you do that. Installation engineer reached home after one day. He was polite and checked the working condition of the machine as it was already installed by myself.", 'Good product under any condition', "Worst Service by Samsung.Dont buy Samsung washing machine in Amazon.Technician won't reply  for a week.", '', 'So user friendly and the brand reliability of samsung. Too good. Must buy for a family of 3-4.', 'The best thing about this washing machine is no vibrations on spinning but it will be not so attractive if you dont make it clean outside everyday but value for money at 12k budget', 'Very easy to use and really worthy.  Washing clothes really nicely. Thanks to Samsung and Amazon'], ['NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Ok Good', 'Easy to use but longevity to be seen.', "Nice product. Don't install it yourself, not even open the cardboard box. You will spoil the warranty if you do that. Installation engineer reached home after one day. He was polite and checked the working condition of the machine as it was already installed by myself.", 'Good product under any condition', "Worst Service by Samsung.Dont buy Samsung washing machine in Amazon.Technician won't reply  for a week.", '', 'So user friendly and the brand reliability of samsung. Too good. Must buy for a family of 3-4.', 'The best thing about this washing machine is no vibrations on spinning but it will be not so attractive if you dont make it clean outside everyday but value for money at 12k budget', 'Very easy to use and really worthy.  Washing clothes really nicely. Thanks to Samsung and Amazon'], ['I liked it as it is easy to use.and has a great money value', 'Great  product  value for money', 'Worth buying', "Washing quality is not as good as my previous Machine had but it's not bad eitherIt takes 35 minutes for 3-4 clothesIt shakes too much sometimes", "Liked it's noiseless working and intelligent functions.", 'It served all types of cloth washing needs of my home.  Value for money, in hectic life samsung products made our life simple.. thankyou samsung', 'Good to buy', 'Good', 'Good.', 'Easy to use & absolute value for money'], ['Superb.. Writing After 6months of purchase ..totally satisfied', 'A good purchase.. it cleanes the clothes very well with producing less noise and consumes less electricity too and easy to use too..a worth for money product.', 'right from the start, Amazon has been doing a good job. The item was delivered as promised in good condition and package and the service engineer visited after calling me and promptly installed it. It is working pretty well and very easy to use', "Easy to use, hassle free and cleans clothes nicely. Only thing is that the lint catcher doesn't do it's job much. Otherwise pretty satisfied.", 'Very good product.', 'One of the value for money product. Serves the purpose. Sufficient for a 2-3 member family', 'Its value of money.', 'Ok', 'Value for money bought for my parents and they are very happy and easy to use.', 'Supperrr silent and almost nil sound washing. Washes cloths too neatly. I’m so happy with this purchase.'], ['The best value for money', "Not suitable for bore water( stains won't remove).if we use mineral water or manjeera water then it cleans perfectly", 'When will technicians come and opened new samsung washing machine, yesterday delivered.', 'Good and easily to wash', 'Good product but noisy', 'Good product', 'Good', 'The machine is not upto the mark makes a lot of sound and the dirt will remain as it is.', 'Very good product and very easy to use', 'Perfect fully automatic washing machine for family of 2. Convenient and good value for money.Technician came on time and explained all functions and had me do a test run.'], ['Water leak bottom side...Kindly help', 'Works very well with all types of clothes... Even collar dirt is removed efficiency...', 'Big size easy to use', 'Value for money', 'I had 2 lg washing machine but this time I thought of trying with Samsung. But Samsung machine is a big disappointment to be honest. First it consumes hell lot 9f water unnecessary, secondly time management is poor. It is not real time, eg. it shows 5 mins left in the display panel but checking after 5 mins it will show 4 more mins.I selected this over LG for saving rs. 2k but paying for it now. I wish I could have option to return it now.', "You cant reach out to samsung or amazon for the installation etc. There is no option for that. I tried amazon support but no option is available for installation support.Only they will contact you when they feel like.You can't reach out to them.Its been 15 days and the installation is not done by their team nor the warranty related stamping.I bought this cause I was in hurry and now i regret. I have installed it by a plumber who has charged INR 1,500/-. Had i known about it i would have hired him before or ordered it from Croma.Dont by Samsung product from amazon.And please add some contact number or support person for installation followups.ThanxPlease add", 'Perfect Washing Machine. Hassle free washing, user friendly product. Good sturdy body. What else you expect from a washing machine👍⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐', 'Nice washing machine buy it without any worries', "It's a nice ready to work with machine. Looks elegant, competitively silent as well ❤️", 'Does the job, good basic washing machine for the price'], ['Overall good product but only quality of inlet pipe should be improved.', 'Comes with the easiest UI controls a fully automatic washer can come up with and simple to customize based on your needs. Just go for It', 'it produce enormous noise like a machine gun during washing', 'A good washing machine but it makes a little noise while drying up clothes.', 'Great buy, easy on pocket, efficient and hassle free operation, installation taken care by Samsung which was good too. Go for it without a doubt', 'Greater work', 'Nice', 'Easy to use .a good quality washing machine.', 'Good product', 'I have got it in Rs.12074.00 during republic day sale.'], ['Ridiculous service.  The installation service contacts me and I ask him, ok, you will place the tubes and the water tap... and I have an answer, no, I will not only go to your house and show you how the machine works, I mean, you will come here to what... there is how dumb to pay someone to do this', "Don't let its size fool you. Excellent build quality, super finish and simply put it gets the job done. Budget friendly and compact to store. Love the look of it.Thanks Amazon!", 'One of the best washing machine at this range. Noise level is very less and easy to use. I am very happy with the product.', 'Product is really good. But delivery team was very rude. Was not helping at all. Flipkart delivery team was very good', 'I’m just getting used to the machine. So far it has been performing very well.', 'Very nice', 'Working satisfactorily. Will be delighted if it works satisfactorily for more than 5years', 'Satisfied with the product.', "I will never recommend to anyone to buy this product, as the samsung service is extremely bad. You have wait for at least 7-10 days for installation. I called service multiple times a day but they are not able to get it installed.  They will not even provide you the engineer's number.This happened in the case of new purchase. I don't what they will in case of repair or maintainance.very very bad experience.", 'Good product'], ['Ridiculous service.  The installation service contacts me and I ask him, ok, you will place the tubes and the water tap... and I have an answer, no, I will not only go to your house and show you how the machine works, I mean, you will come here to what... there is how dumb to pay someone to do this', "Don't let its size fool you. Excellent build quality, super finish and simply put it gets the job done. Budget friendly and compact to store. Love the look of it.Thanks Amazon!", 'One of the best washing machine at this range. Noise level is very less and easy to use. I am very happy with the product.', 'Product is really good. But delivery team was very rude. Was not helping at all. Flipkart delivery team was very good', 'I’m just getting used to the machine. So far it has been performing very well.', 'Very nice', 'Working satisfactorily. Will be delighted if it works satisfactorily for more than 5years', 'Satisfied with the product.', "I will never recommend to anyone to buy this product, as the samsung service is extremely bad. You have wait for at least 7-10 days for installation. I called service multiple times a day but they are not able to get it installed.  They will not even provide you the engineer's number.This happened in the case of new purchase. I don't what they will in case of repair or maintainance.very very bad experience.", 'Good product'], ['Good one', "A good purchase actually we didn't get this intime better to go with this.", "This is really nice washing machine for a family of 2 or 3. It's been 6 months I find it very effective till date..noise level is medium only...simple to use even for everyon.", 'Worthy for the price', 'Choba', 'At home for family of 2', 'Awesome and fast delivery and safe delivery 👍', 'Machine works perfectly and washes fine.', 'Good quality washing machine, nice installation servicr. I bought it second time, both machines working good so far. No dirt stains left', 'Good product'], ['Easy to Wash Money Buy low performance is also good', "I am writing this review after using it for 3 weeks. PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS WASHING MACHINE. Rinse is not happening in the machine and everytime it is giving code 4C on display after this code power button itself not working.", 'As per price product is good', 'worked well  for 6 months. After that always  faulty', 'Worth for money...working really well.', 'Easy to use, value for money.', 'It is very nice washing machine for all family members. Very useful and real value of money. I am very happy to this machine.', 'No one has come to explain the process to start and set up the machine. We are finding difficulty in running the same', 'Even a ordinary person can use this washing machine', 'It very sufficient for 3 family members.Samsung installation services is too good.'], ['This is one of the best fully automated washing machine available in the market in this price. Samsung is one of the best brands.', 'Would have added more features like hot water,, bubble technology for this price...', 'Product was dent not satisfied with product', 'Nice product.', 'Easy to use', 'noise can be more lesser', 'Easy to use', 'Brought it before a year.', 'Splendid machine very easy to use and total value for money', 'Easy to use. Less wash program. But takes maximum electricity uses'], ['It is a worth buy. Low noise level. Extremely easy to use. And getting clean clothes is a Breeze job !!!', 'This is very to use', "Efficient product and meets expectations.. it's worth it..", 'Value for money.', 'I already had the same machine running since 8 years at another location, bought the same again as the body and performance is really good', 'After 1 month this machine working satisfactory.', 'Easy to use and Pocket friendly but lots of water wastage', 'This washing machine is really what I needed . It’s  super easy to use and very compact  . Perfect for bachelors', 'Excellent product and good value for money. Does the job with ease.', "I am using this from 4 years now it's still working fine and fantastic no complaints at all .. go for it without second thought"], ['No warranty card was there in the package.', 'The water supply pipe and the drain pipe are very short in length , you might have to order a longer version if you want to adjust your machine in your desired place.', 'It’s a very good washing machine. I am happy with the product as well as the installation which was prompt and efficient.', 'no noise at all, very easy to use and the best product at best price one could ever have. Energy efficient, bestest best.', "Never asked for repair..for any type of servicing..it's good product using from last 6 years", 'Good product', 'Better', 'Good product', 'Great buy,easy to use ,value for money,loved it', 'Its a good machine at the price its selling for.'], ['Good likig', 'Small scratch', 'Good', 'Difficult to use', 'Samsung appliances are amazing', 'Badhiya', 'AWESOME!!! Adding the review after using it 3 months. Love the machine how it works ,No noiseEasy to operate6.5 Kg is enough for 4 peoples run twice a weekSmart sensors technology', 'There is no dislike,machine reached on time,installation within twelve hours, no noise at all at the time of washing, very good  product easy-to-use, I am very much satisfied and happy also.', 'Happy with the product', 'Excellent working'], ['Easy to use', 'Met our expectations.  Plenty of space. Great features', 'receive damage product', 'Product is genuine and original...installation was done conveniently...though the water connecting pipe is bit small but the extension can be purchased online...the price of the washing machine is also genuine...got it for 13k', 'Good product.', '-', 'It Is little big but functioning is okay, and problem i am facing is of low water pressure and because of this, water automatically drains out resulting in more water input', 'I am satisfied😊, good product 5 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐', 'Samsung is Dhamal,*Noise level is very low like you can use in hall.*Easy to use for senior citizens also*Metal body*value for money*clean regular clothes perfectly', 'Like as top loader due to no need spine bent'], ['Value for money 🙏', 'Gud item to purchase in medium cost', 'Easy to use and nice design and good product.', 'Everything is perfect except the noise. It is making alot of noise while spinning.', 'Wonderful product. Meets the expectation for the cost paid.', 'A valuable product.', 'Compare1st week now washing machine noise increased', 'Quality and design', 'Poor performance.. as we were expecting quality and performance from a brand like Samsung. Pls improve load efficiency.', 'Its been around 3 months now with the machine .No compromise on the quality from the showroom one .Works perfectly .'], ['Power savings rating 3 star . But this infor Nowhere mentioned . Only came to know after delivery. Overall product is okay .', 'less noise and good features.overall good washing machine', 'Its worth the money spent. Easy to use. Cleans efficiently. I love the product. Will recommend to others as well.', 'Good for family of 4 members , low noise  work very smooth , easy to operateCons :inlet pipe is small , can be easily avail from. Outer shopMust say good product from Samsung brand', 'Received damaged piece in full price', 'Overall is good but machine is damage one side', 'Very easy to use and wash cloth properly.', 'Shakes a lot for an automatic machine.Otherwise nice.', 'Good item is nice slowly noise p', 'Good product with good after sales service,  overall happy with this product'], ['Power savings rating 3 star . But this infor Nowhere mentioned . Only came to know after delivery. Overall product is okay .', 'less noise and good features.overall good washing machine', 'Its worth the money spent. Easy to use. Cleans efficiently. I love the product. Will recommend to others as well.', 'Good for family of 4 members , low noise  work very smooth , easy to operateCons :inlet pipe is small , can be easily avail from. Outer shopMust say good product from Samsung brand', 'Received damaged piece in full price', 'Overall is good but machine is damage one side', 'Very easy to use and wash cloth properly.', 'Shakes a lot for an automatic machine.Otherwise nice.', 'Good item is nice slowly noise p', 'Good product with good after sales service,  overall happy with this product'], ['Best Washing machine at this price value and best brand SAMSUNG.Good experience.', 'I am using this product almost 6 months and writing this review. This works very well and easy to use.', 'Easy to use most helpful for my loving mom ...', "Very good product does it's job efficiently and ease of use, have recommended this for many friends and family members", 'Nice one..', 'light weight n easy to use , Since its samsung after sales is usually good, got it installed the next day and it works good. compact also', 'Noise free,Deep cleaningLow electricity consumption', 'This is good u can go for it.', 'Lvly product', 'Good'], ['It’s a basic washing machine. Sturdy and economical.', 'Normal', 'Good', 'Nice one', 'Awesome product.... really I loved it...my husband approached about this product...it was really awesome. Again I have purchased for my mom too.', "It's great product to use with ease... Thanks Samsung and Amazon...👍😊💐", 'Good product', 'Good', 'filmy exterior....quality could have been better', 'Good for the small family for regular use,Easy operations, Medium Noise while spin.Overall Good product from Samsung'], ['We had to shift mumbai temporary..and this washing machine is best in budget and does the operation upto satisfaction.', "Best machine in this budget. Super fast service and truly value for money. I saw the reviews before buying it and I'm feeling happy now to write one. It's a great buy, go for it.", 'The product is good steady,very handy to use and low level of noise make it best in the segments.', 'Good', 'Nice product', 'Excellent product with great durability, very user friendly, good energy saver compared to my last washing machine', "It's easy and simple..... just go for it...😉", "This was easy to installed and easy to use. I was in dilemma to buy or not to buy this with some negative reviews.but it's working good for me.I we recommend everyone", 'The machine collects dust while washing and leaves on to clothes during drying, this sticks on clothes and gives thirty looks, removing that from clothes is big task', 'Using it for one month now.... good!'], ["Good washing, easy to use.. I bought it for 12900 under discount. Due to lockdown I had to install myself that's the demerit.", 'Value for money , easy to use', 'Good', 'Easy to use and value for money', 'Easy handling and nice working capacity. Delivery on time.', 'Value for money washing machine.', 'The best in this topload segment', 'Too much Noise I call the person to clear the solutions but he is not respose my call', 'Product is very nice ,noice of this product very low,or operate to easy ,energy efficiency is low', "As per water storage function, it doesn't hold water. It has quick wash for 26 minutes, no short cycle.At low pressure, it doesn't function properly."], ["Good washing, easy to use.. I bought it for 12900 under discount. Due to lockdown I had to install myself that's the demerit.", 'Value for money , easy to use', 'Good', 'Easy to use and value for money', 'Easy handling and nice working capacity. Delivery on time.', 'Value for money washing machine.', 'The best in this topload segment', 'Too much Noise I call the person to clear the solutions but he is not respose my call', 'Product is very nice ,noice of this product very low,or operate to easy ,energy efficiency is low', "As per water storage function, it doesn't hold water. It has quick wash for 26 minutes, no short cycle.At low pressure, it doesn't function properly."], ['Good', 'Value for money', 'Easy to use, there is bearable noise but the cleaning is awesome. Good deal at this price range', 'the only issue till now since I hv bought is noise creation and vibrates too much.', 'I am very impresed by this product... It is really good. It is very easy to use. So I totally sughest all this product.', 'ProsSamsung and it’s SerivceEasy to operateFast deliveryInstallation quickConsNothing as f now', "I like his washing quality and look is also good... and I purchased grey color it's looking great.", 'Everything is OK but I received with small damage I regret the problem which I faced....', 'washes well. could be cheaper', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW'], ['It is very good washing machine. Would recommend it to everyone', 'Video Player is loading.', 'Just go for it', 'Easy work function, low water use ,no noise ,low budget fully automatic best price washing machine samsung', "We have used it. three or four times after purchase and it functions well till date let's hope the best for coming times also", 'Good product', 'Samsung Brand Installation service was so terrible. Installation person wasn’t able to install anything. He didn’t have a single clue. He was asking where should I plug this in? What do I do?  He didn’t have a spanner on him. No spanner no tools nothing. He told me I’d have to call a plumber to do the installation. Honestly outrageous. Terrible . I don’t recommend this product because I don’t think the warranty and other devices might be good even if the product might be. (Remains to be seen, will update).  No high hopes.', 'Very good work and good product', 'Easy to use, best in budget', 'Good'], ['I like it so far working good with less noise. Washing also good. I recommend it', 'This product has only 2 years warranty overall where other company like LG, Godrej giving 10 years of warranty', 'Good for regular washing', 'A very nice product according to price range and features, can refer to anyone.', 'The machine is very noisy and tub quality is very very poor plastic. Samsung people do not send anyone for installation and keep on rescheduling installation.  Amazon leadership team is also helpless and keep blaiming Samsung for after sales service.', 'Very helpful', 'I was told tp register the product to activate warranty.I am not able to register on Samsung account.It seems to prioritize mobile phones. Whatever Sr. No I enter is shown as not valid.', 'Nice', 'It is easy to use and has very simple and effective controls....no expertise required..', 'Cleaning is great. Price is reasonable. And looks are great. Great value for money'], ['I like it so far working good with less noise. Washing also good. I recommend it', 'This product has only 2 years warranty overall where other company like LG, Godrej giving 10 years of warranty', 'Good for regular washing', 'A very nice product according to price range and features, can refer to anyone.', 'The machine is very noisy and tub quality is very very poor plastic. Samsung people do not send anyone for installation and keep on rescheduling installation.  Amazon leadership team is also helpless and keep blaiming Samsung for after sales service.', 'Very helpful', 'I was told tp register the product to activate warranty.I am not able to register on Samsung account.It seems to prioritize mobile phones. Whatever Sr. No I enter is shown as not valid.', 'Nice', 'It is easy to use and has very simple and effective controls....no expertise required..', 'Cleaning is great. Price is reasonable. And looks are great. Great value for money'], ['After somany reviews and  search in various shops price offered by Amazon is the best lowest price of all. A good product for day to day use. Samsung installation also went well within 24 hours.superb', 'Great product by Samsung. Value for Money.', 'Very easy to useCleaning functions are very goodVery much energy Efficient saving lot of cost', 'Samsung make only good products.', 'Good product and service is also good', "No hassle, you won't even know, and your clothes will be washed....very nice product!", 'Sound', 'Really a user friendly washing machine...very easy to use.i m satisfied with the product', 'Value of money', 'Its very nice product and thanks samsung for this price is automatic'], ['Good', 'Nice', 'A must for every family. Hassle free washing with no noise and lookas are futuristic', 'Consumes more water and noise levels are high while spinning.', 'Nice', 'It is very time saving', "It's good anyone can buy", 'Product is good and value for money but came with dent', 'Nice Product 👍', ''], ['Product is good and any one can use easly. Noise level is very low. So i am happy to buy this product', 'Nice product in this cost amezing', 'Good', 'Good one,as expected', 'Satisfactory for the time being.', 'Efficient and elegant product from the best brand hope they do great on upcoming products too', 'Features are limited and work from start if door opens', 'Very fast delivery, machine is very easy to use with all options you want', "Washing machine is good, doing the job perfectly.Very much dissappointed with the installation service.After 10 days also, they did not come to install and contact number provided by them for installation is either busy, switch off or not responding.At last i had to install myself with the help of friends.Please don't buy if you can't install by yourself. But also they will say not to install yourself due to warrantypurposes.Negative star for installation services.", 'Everything is perfect.'], ['Good', 'Cloths are tore after wash. Pathetic service by Samaung even it is under warranty they people are not ready to send engineer to check what is the issue.', 'Very good product and also easy service by samsung care to handle any kind of complaints.', 'very user friendly, great price', 'Horrible experience!! The new washing machine has cable loose connection and hence not operational ? Seriously?. Is it really brand new machine. Simply paying the money for first hand when they give you damaged product. Its still not a month after the purchase and the samsung team nobody is showing up to replace the cable. Please avoid online purchase. Still calling these people hundred times to show up and repair the new machine. Horrible horrible. Never again purchase electrical appliances from online.Samsung you are such a disappointment!', '', 'Easy to use and clean. The appliance is energy efficient and does not create much noise.', 'Overall good product from Samsung. Noise level also not so high. Performance is very good.', 'Very very low noise', 'Hot water inlet.'], ['Good', 'Cloths are tore after wash. Pathetic service by Samaung even it is under warranty they people are not ready to send engineer to check what is the issue.', 'Very good product and also easy service by samsung care to handle any kind of complaints.', 'very user friendly, great price', 'Horrible experience!! The new washing machine has cable loose connection and hence not operational ? Seriously?. Is it really brand new machine. Simply paying the money for first hand when they give you damaged product. Its still not a month after the purchase and the samsung team nobody is showing up to replace the cable. Please avoid online purchase. Still calling these people hundred times to show up and repair the new machine. Horrible horrible. Never again purchase electrical appliances from online.Samsung you are such a disappointment!', '', 'Easy to use and clean. The appliance is energy efficient and does not create much noise.', 'Overall good product from Samsung. Noise level also not so high. Performance is very good.', 'Very very low noise', 'Hot water inlet.'], ["Doesn't have tyres...very hard to move", 'It is very easy to use', 'Simple to use,  washes well. Easy to maintain. Good support', 'I used whirlpool and BPL fully automatic washing machine earlier. But this one is best.', 'This is a very good product  and true value', 'Using it from Nov20. Working fine. I have bought in offer of Rs-12141. In this price its really good regards to fully automatic washing machine. Thanks', 'Good', 'The product delivered in Chennai, India came completely damaged. Installation service technician opened the delivered box for installation and found the product fully damaged.', 'Good  product easy to use', 'Good product'], ['Very good n easy to operate', "Quality product don't require stand", 'Good product', 'Good top loading washing machine. Fully automatic, easy to use and energy efficient.', 'Good', 'Overall Good. As expected', 'Nice product and nice support from Samsung. Product rcvd with minor issue and Samsung took no time to resolve same even in lockdown', 'Very easy to use!', 'Good', 'I waited for months before I writing this review. Thought I may find something that is not good. But this product is perfect with no issues at all. Totally worth the cost.'], ['There is no pressure for water transport as compared to LG washing machine the best and everything in it .Samsung is the name no to the mark only look is good not in service', 'Noise level is zero. After using the product I was happy as in this rate we will not get a washing machine. It is very easy to use.', "It's okay", 'Good', 'There is no need to wash clothes with our hand after putting clothes in this washing machine.', 'I had a samsung washing machine in the past, used it for almost 10 years towards the end replaced pcb and other parts when I decided to exchange it for this particular model.Everything about is good except that the lint in this particular model for some reason does not get caught in the trap. I called samsung customer care, the technician came and simply replace the filter charging me 400/- despite it being under warranty. No luck with the new part.The piece is defective is all I can say and samsung does not want to replace it.Really samsung this is unexceptable when you pay so much just to see that its not doing its job.I hope they read this and send a replacement.', 'All good. Worth the cost. This is 2nd samsung  after 20 years.', 'Excellant product by samsung low noise level and very easy to use thanks amazon', 'The machine is easy to use. Just that the indicating light is too small or diminished that one cannot see the light if there is too much light in the surrounding.', 'Excellent excellent'], ['It was hepling for my parents in the way of using perfectly and easily', '', 'Easy to use', 'This machine is good with only issue it lacks heavy washing mode. The time taken for washing is more than most common competitor', 'Does the job pretty well, can wash 10 shirts + 5 pants at once very easily', 'Great product! Best top load fully automatic washing machine in this price range!', 'Cool one to use', 'Easy to use and fast', 'Good', ''], ['It was hepling for my parents in the way of using perfectly and easily', '', 'Easy to use', 'This machine is good with only issue it lacks heavy washing mode. The time taken for washing is more than most common competitor', 'Does the job pretty well, can wash 10 shirts + 5 pants at once very easily', 'Great product! Best top load fully automatic washing machine in this price range!', 'Cool one to use', 'Easy to use and fast', 'Good', ''], ['warranty card missing, kindly provide', 'The tap hose pipe is very small.. Can we have a bigger hose pipe?', 'Noise level is very low and easy to use .', 'Good product low noise easy to use for every body and energy efficiency', "Don't buy this product..after purchase used only two days..and after complain of 15 days not resolve..and no any support by team", 'Excellent product quality', 'great', 'Product Quality is GOOD', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Perfect for Small Family'], ['Easy to use ....superp quality by samsung .... energy efficient.', 'It is good product', 'Machine is quite good I am using it from 3 months but it has to be one more feature that is surf or detergent calculator...', 'Good. Value for money.', 'Good product with friendly options to choose. Easy access panel and good efficiency.', 'No any accessories provided.', 'Like', 'When you wash clothes getting different color and pieces of clothes going.', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Good useful product and it cleans well. Have been using it for the past couple of months and there were no problems so far.  Delivery and installation was done very professionally.'], ['Low noise level.Very Easy to operate.And very energy efficient.👍👍', 'good', 'Very good product', 'Fully automatic, less noise, easy to use, lack in energy efficient', 'Thanks to Amazon for timily delivery and Good price.', 'Awesome, very less noise, good performance.Drains and dries clothes to a very high extent.', 'I would recommend this this walking machine for small families', 'As per price product is good', "It's cheaper than front load and yeah does the work of cleaning. Would recommend it to anyone.", 'Excellent product.Low noise, less vibration.Delivery before time by Amazon.Prompt installation service.Machine is working nicely.Just go for it.'], ['Excellent', 'When the installation guy came saw this dent. Dont understand how a packed machine got such dent.Anyways its working so its ok.', 'Easy to use ...', 'Good performance as of now. BTW good product. #samsung', '', 'Everything is perfect. No noise . Easy to use.', 'After two months of use. I observed water leak while washing. Not good at all. And customer service is worst', 'Like it', 'Light noise , easy to use and required less energy to operate.', "It's very easy to operate.works fast,over all performance is wonderful..thank u samsung👍"], ['Excellent', 'When the installation guy came saw this dent. Dont understand how a packed machine got such dent.Anyways its working so its ok.', 'Easy to use ...', 'Good performance as of now. BTW good product. #samsung', '', 'Everything is perfect. No noise . Easy to use.', 'After two months of use. I observed water leak while washing. Not good at all. And customer service is worst', 'Like it', 'Light noise , easy to use and required less energy to operate.', "It's very easy to operate.works fast,over all performance is wonderful..thank u samsung👍"], ['Worth buying it.', 'Good', 'It saves our time this is the point whichbI liked the most', 'Good working i have used it from three months it works smoothly', 'Product is nice quality.noice level is really low...one word just excellent product', 'Looks good.. but my godrej machine still cleans cloths very well.. in this stains remain. Not sure whats the issue', 'Easy to use', 'Good performance', 'Best brand. The product is solid and value for money', 'Good product'], ['Good quality nice deal', 'Body material is not good it is same like tin material rest of the things is good', 'Was quite confused whether to buy this machine online or not, but it went well....super product....go for it', 'No need to think... Just go for it.', 'Amazing product , easy to use... Expect delivery service....Clean wash....One most imp point...Dont keep machine in bathroom due to moisture issue...', 'Very very low noise levelVery easy to useEnergy efficient', 'It is good to use. Less noise. No issues till now.', 'Damaged products received', 'Good product', 'Product is good.... easy wash...  good washing... low voice... more efficient... i am happy'], ['Good', 'Good', 'Its is nice product, very easy to use', 'Nice product !', 'Workig good', 'It will take too much time to wash and it will not wash the cloth propely', 'Product ok ok', 'Easy to use', 'Nice and good ptoduct', 'Super Happy Since Got This Washing Machine. I Have Been Having So Much Comfort. Clothes Are Getting Cleaned Without Me Needing To Make Any Efforts.'], ['Very good product hoping for wheels 😂 very portable.', 'Noise level and smooth operation but inlet and outlet hose length is too small 1mtr is not sufficient we need to change', 'Noise is more. Started malfunctioning within 1 year of use. Gearbox broken as advised by the customer care.', 'Very good buy with low Price... Working too good', 'Noise level normal , easy to wash and reasonable price .', "I gifted this to my Mom it's wonderful", 'One of the best product on Samsung really happy to purchased this new washing machine', 'This product is awesome 👌It can wash and dry your clothes in 30 minutes.', 'Best product', 'Product had a dent'], ['We like this product very much', 'I bought it for 12150. After using 10 days I am giving this feedback. No issues found. Happy with the usage. Again after 2 months I will give another review', 'Very easy to operate', 'Nope', 'Serve the purpose', 'Easy to use', 'Good product......', 'Good product. Very less noice level. Cleaning cloths very well. Easy to operate even for aged people.', 'Very good product from samsung good quality and happy', "Too much noise. Don't go by ratings & number of reviews.. the machine is too loud."], ['Easy to use', 'Super saver', 'Simple no fuss cleaning', 'Best', 'User friendly', 'Overall nice product.', 'Dent on washing machine.', 'Easy to use and user friendly.', 'Noise level is low is to handle energy saving product', 'All ok'], ['Easy to use', 'Super saver', 'Simple no fuss cleaning', 'Best', 'User friendly', 'Overall nice product.', 'Dent on washing machine.', 'Easy to use and user friendly.', 'Noise level is low is to handle energy saving product', 'All ok'], ['delivered in 2 days, now writing review after 2 weeks.Easy to use and tension free', 'Must Buy, excellent one by Samsung', 'Robust product, use it daily for many months.', 'Senses water level requirement automatically. Easy to use controls', 'It will make washing fun. 😂 Very easy to use.', 'No', 'Good quality product on nice priceColour was good', 'Value for money', 'Using for few month now. It works just perfect. Installation call came next day after delivery but we already have installed it our self. Good service by Amazon and by Samsung', 'Average'], ['Good one my grandma is using it she found it comfortable than any other machine she used earlier.. 👌', 'Good product', "It's good", 'Im satisfied with this washing mechine within my budget', 'good working condition nice very good', 'very good product, easy to use', 'Machine is totally worth for the price', 'Good ..', 'The product is easy to use and it is worth the value.', 'Without a second thought. Just go for it!'], ['Good', 'It is easy to use and working very smoothly.', 'Good', 'Awesome product. Good for 2-3 people. Got it for just 10000 with icici offer.', 'Easy to use and effective washing.', 'Good', 'Prefect for mid size family ...just go for it and I beat you ppl gonna like it and feel like value for every penny 👍🏼', 'Perfect product in this range... Go for it 👍👍', "Team delivered the item ASAP. Overall it's good.", 'Product is good in the price range.. machine works fine.  Installation was cool and person is well trained, knowledge and helpful'], ['Great product. Efficient delivery by Amazon and installation by Samsung technician', 'Good product', 'Good product', 'Good product', 'Delivery was before schedule.... Fully satisfied with the performance till now', 'This is the perfect one for daily use', 'Even though there is time setting its consuming more hours than the fixed time... Otherwise everything is fine', 'Working fine and is a nice machine', 'User friendly machine i like this washing machine', 'good'], ['-', 'All using methods and all things are good', 'Ausome product. A must buy for a small family. Excellent wash quality with almost zero noise.', 'Perfect washing machine for the 5-6 people’s family.', 'Very nice, easy to use. Cleaning is superb.', 'Works as good as a front loader.', 'Easy to use and value for money.', 'Worth for its price.easy to install and use', 'Sorry received the product with faulty spin not working, replaced but another product get dented again under replacement.This is Ist time I hv facing issue.', 'Good product.'], ['Close your eyes and buy', 'Amazon service and samsung service is good.there consotaion teem behaveir is good.', 'मशीन वापस  लेने के लिए कोई भी नहीं आया कृपया मेरी शिकायत का निस्तारण किया जाय', 'Good product', 'The exchange did not work as it was stated. Policy said washing machine should be in working condition. But upon delivery of new product they refused to accept old product saying it was making noise. Felt cheated, but it was too late. Had difficulty in accommodating 2 machines at home until the time I got someone else to take it away.If you are planning an exchange, better not to go for online purchase, else you are at the mercy of the person who comes to collect it.The installation happened over a week after the product delivery and several reminder calls had to be madeMachine now works well.', 'Good product but too noisy.', 'Good', '', 'Working as displayed', 'Very nice product at affordable price.'], ['Its a very compact, easy to use and smart machine. Design, working process good but I disappointed with a little daint on machine when open carton.', 'Amazing performance, in accordance to its rated capacity', 'Very useful and handy product. Price worthy.', 'Ejj', 'Best quality... smooth working... easy to use', 'No Noise level and easy to use', 'So easy to handle and less noise', 'Budget friendly product and easy to use.', 'Nice', 'Excellent product. Value for money. Low noise,  easy operation.'], ['Like', 'A very good product.', 'Awesome👍', 'Super value for Money And energy  Eceffiency', 'damage product 👀', 'Great', "Washing machine is good. Problem is it's inlet pipe to tap which has to be screwed to the tap. This is so bad mechanism. Every time the inlet comes out of tap and I tight it with screw to the tap.", 'Nice one', 'Satisfied', "Very good and even more than that. Don't read the other reviews just buy it. Motor is powerful. Capacity is good. Go for it. Thank you Amazon"], ['Like', 'A very good product.', 'Awesome👍', 'Super value for Money And energy  Eceffiency', 'damage product 👀', 'Great', "Washing machine is good. Problem is it's inlet pipe to tap which has to be screwed to the tap. This is so bad mechanism. Every time the inlet comes out of tap and I tight it with screw to the tap.", 'Nice one', 'Satisfied', "Very good and even more than that. Don't read the other reviews just buy it. Motor is powerful. Capacity is good. Go for it. Thank you Amazon"], ['Damaged piece', 'Overall Good appliance.. inlet as well as outlet pipes are short. Need to purchase for outside other wise great buy', 'Takes less space and quite productive.', 'This is old modelBut good', 'Very good product services &Demo very good service thanks to Amazon', 'Worth for money. Good product', 'This washing machine is fabulous.. I really like this... Low volume. Instead active and esay to use', 'Good', 'Very good quality washing machine. Affordable price.', 'Good product'], ['Noise level is low. Good product.', 'Good', 'Nice product working Smooth super 👌👌👌👌', 'Low noise, simple key pad, user friendly. Good wash results.', 'Energy saving very low light bill', 'Good,delivery and installation even in the remote village', '❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️', '•easy to use•noise level zero•perfect automatic machine', 'I bought two Samsung washing machine but unfortunately one is giving lot of noise and not functioning properly and also have ask dealer to get fix but still no show from service or repair department.please change the mashine machine.', 'Low noise level, fairly easy to operate & use and reasonably priced. Installation support is decent'], ["Good product for the priceBut one can hear noise while it's on and vibration are there", 'Always samsung product greater than other products', 'Samsung, user friendly, noise free and time saving machine.', 'Good one. Less noice. Less time. Nice cleaning. Satisfied', "Best washing machine in low price....Easy washing .... didn't make noise....Best washing experience....", "No much noiseAccording to price it's niceUsing  it so easily", 'Kids can also operate such simple operation. Very good product.Thanks to Amazon for support and supply with huge discount.', 'Very good product go fot it', "It's worthable", 'Very nice product, just go for it'], ['Easy to use , more comfortable..', 'Operating panel is very simple', 'Apt', 'Less noise and power efficient', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Nice', 'Perfect washing machine in its category', 'Less noise level and easy to operate', 'This product has been designed and manufactured for every Indian Home.One should try this product at least once in a life time.', 'Water Outlet pipe is very short in length.'], ['Value for money', 'Using for 3 months now..perfect product. 5/5 in all categories.', 'Good product in reasonable price', 'Nuce', 'There is nothing in this product to like.', 'Nice washing machine. Low noise level. And quick washing.', 'Good', 'Very good washing machine if you hv water connection then its better than semi automatic, i love it very good very fast and wash very clean', 'I received damaged product and i was told it cannot be replaced so i have initiated return. Complete waste of time and energy.', 'i like the product model and the demo installation'], ['Good Product 👍Highly RecommendedValue for money 💰', "It's very good product", 'I just loved this', 'Hi I have purchased this machine it’s really good on time I have received. I will give 5 star this product thank to Amazon', 'Happy with the product', 'Best purchase at this range', 'Good product and installation was also very fast ,value for money and satisfied service .', 'It is easy to use', '', 'Good product..Clothes get fast dry'], ['It is worth for money.', 'Have contacted Samsung multiple times however no installation done after a week of delivery. Worst service as well as product. First time receiving a bad service from amazon', 'Very nice product from samsung... With for money.. water consumption is really very less', 'It is exactly as shown in picture and it arrived in good condition. The clothes  are also being washed nicely', 'Like', "Starting it was given some technical issue now it's OK. While using washing mission it's  Vibrating.", 'We got delivery very next day but supplier has send defective machine it is making loud sound.just black list supplier', 'Efficiency is not that great.', 'I have been using this washing machine for one month. Washing machine is good, worth for money.You can use it for 4-5 family members.', 'Awesome product..less noise, works perfect according to me ..'], ['-at 14K, it appears cheap but not good at all-functions are easy, also not noisy-washing not good at all, my whites got ruined.-using 2 top load full automatic LGs at home, better go for that or if not on budget then go for front load', 'Good one', 'Nice 👍', "Very bad experience with the Samsung Installation service. The technician lacks professionalism, and cancelled the installation service as per their wish by giving stupid reasons. Had to follow up both Amazon's and Samsung Customer care about this just to raise a complain thinking that they will help arrange a quick installation. But as per their protocol I have wait another 48hrs and cannot use the washing machine for these long. Better buy this can of product from stores where they can help and act immediately.", 'My Budget level Given Best Performance of this', 'Worth for the money and for a 3 member family', 'I am using this machine for more than 1month.Best result till date and no maintenance issue.', 'Not better than semi automatic', 'Good', 'Very good 👍product and services'], ['Best basic machine', 'Economical & easy to use', 'Excellent product ...Worth the price', 'After one week use ... Wonderful washing experience..easy to use..6 cycle program , enough for 4 to 5 member family, Thank you samsung..', 'Just the right no. of functions. totally worth buying considering the cost', 'Quiet, easy to use. I am using from last week, so far everything fine. Samsung showroom assured 2 years warranty.', 'Good', 'Nice product, value for money.', 'Love it', 'Overall it is really impressive.But with some cons like it take too much water, just to wash 5 t-shirt. Otherwise it is the best deal.'], ['Best basic machine', 'Economical & easy to use', 'Excellent product ...Worth the price', 'After one week use ... Wonderful washing experience..easy to use..6 cycle program , enough for 4 to 5 member family, Thank you samsung..', 'Just the right no. of functions. totally worth buying considering the cost', 'Quiet, easy to use. I am using from last week, so far everything fine. Samsung showroom assured 2 years warranty.', 'Good', 'Nice product, value for money.', 'Love it', 'Overall it is really impressive.But with some cons like it take too much water, just to wash 5 t-shirt. Otherwise it is the best deal.'], ["It's a good product", 'Its very nice', 'Product up to the expectations', 'Good Product & Nice', 'Good and worthful', 'Working good review after month', '', 'Nice workingPower save...Easy to use', 'Easy to use, good product for village.', 'Very nice product'], ['Like n nice one', 'Very easy to use. Good washing quality. Drying almost 80% clothes in the machine. I suggest to go for it with out any ?', 'Best In This Price', 'It is really a great product..', 'It is a good buy. Installation was also initiated by amazon. I recommend.', 'Worked only for 3 days and became faulty. Now not getting ON', 'So far so good, will come back for a review edit after 6months. Edits..This machine is not able to wash a single sized blanket...feeling dissapointed', 'Till now it is working fine. Nice washing machine.', 'I purchased last month. Very nice.Worthy for money. User friendly.', 'इस्तेमाल में आसान है और पैसे वसूल प्रोडक्ट है। 7 दिन उपयोग करने पर मुझे यह प्राइस के हिसाब से सही अच्छी मशीन लगी।'], ['Bed washing dark colour clothes', 'Real we are satisfied this product no sound clean washing worth item', "Cheap quality.No service , installation by Street gye,He don't know how to install and demonstrate", 'Gud one.. worth proce', 'It has nice feature', 'A budget washing machine', 'Yes my parents like it very much', 'Clothes not properly cleaned', 'Good product.must buy', 'Good but not better'], ['Product is great and easy to use. Great experience of delivery as well.', 'Excellent  product', 'Nice one and it can easily handle the cloths of a family of 6. Washing is quick and easy with it.', 'Like', '1. Easy to use2. Very comfortable to wash clothes3. Fully Automatic Washing Machine4. Serves Best in daily usage', 'Very nice service by Amazon', 'Fully satisfy with this product.', 'Nice 👍', 'Loved the deal', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW'], ['No star rating mentioned. No inverter technology.', "It's a good machine 🥰", "We have received a defective product and at the time of delivery we have not opened the box.The installation person came on the same day and informed that the product is defective internally as well external.I have contacted to Amazon customer care to refund the amount. Let's see how it goes", 'Good', 'Very bad', 'Great product, no noise, no shaking, pure automatic, ofcourse, quick installation, you can do it on your own anyways.', 'Meet expectations good product thanks', "Yes it's very nice", 'Ease to use', 'Value for money.great product in segment.very less noise. Go for buy'], ["It does its job, you can't expect more from the machine for its price", 'Very nice products I am allready 15 years continuesly used samsung washing machine no problem.', 'Easy to use.  Value for money. Very nice and good product from Samsung. 6.5kg washing machine is washing the clothes very nice.', 'Suitable for small family but they removed some features which old model used to have but it’s good for daily clothes.', 'The company person visited for installing the washing machine and while fitting the water pipe meant to be connected to the water tap has been found defective. Please arrange to replace the pipe so that we can use the product.', 'User Friendly', 'The machine fulfilled all my requirements, I am loving this.', 'Good product and better performance.', "It has very low options/programs as per it's value.", 'Nice product'], ['Satisfied with the purchase', 'Very easy to use... for a small family 6.5kg is enough...', 'Ok', 'Honestly, I like the product and the machine is well enough for a family of three.', 'I am very disappointed again and again with Amazon. washing machine not working properly and when I call to Amazon customer care,they refused me to return this product...', 'So far so good', 'Very good product', 'Nice product', 'Very bad.. Its gone in 4 months', 'Easy to use'], ['After using 1 month i ma definitely said that it is a value for monry and very easy to use product', 'Very impressive for working condition, easy to operate, samsung service is also fine.', 'Easy to use', 'Easy to usage', 'Very good product', 'Value for money', 'Working as expected.', '', 'Good one', ''], ["Gr8 machines...I m using since 3 month... It's value for money", 'Good in this price range. Samsung is the best for washing machine.', "I like the model / design.  But still I don't have option to choose colours only one colour available.", 'Easy to use', 'Easy to use', 'Easy to use', 'Best product easy to use', 'All is well', 'Like it', 'Like product'], ['We got this machine after a thorough research but we are having a very bad experience with it as the machine keeps getting stuck and showing in balanced load. Doesn’t deserve more than two stars. Please do not buy!', 'Easy to use', 'Good', 'Small dent on exterior. Machine inside damper broken as determined by installation guys.', 'Good', 'Best Product at this price❤️', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'mast', 'An excellent product', 'Very good'], ['We got this machine after a thorough research but we are having a very bad experience with it as the machine keeps getting stuck and showing in balanced load. Doesn’t deserve more than two stars. Please do not buy!', 'Easy to use', 'Good', 'Small dent on exterior. Machine inside damper broken as determined by installation guys.', 'Good', 'Best Product at this price❤️', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'mast', 'An excellent product', 'Very good'], ['Cloths washing', 'Door steps delivery and within timeline.', 'Good product. Satify with service', 'Very useful machine for a small family, easy to wash.', 'very good washing machine in this priceeasy to use this machine,i like it value for money product.', 'Very easy To use product Nice', 'Good product but the drum size is too small for 6.5 kg', 'Less noise', '', ''], ['Liked the product', 'Got a defective one, got it replaced from samsung directly.', 'Nice product', 'Exceelent product', 'Got a damaged product..Has asked replacement', 'Good', 'Nice wroth of money save', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'Up to marks . Best deal', 'Nice Product'], ['All good', "I'm happy with the performance. Good purchase", 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW', 'The product is simply awesome and the noise also too low and the too many operating modes , value for money', 'Video Player is loading.', 'Very easy to use and decent machine at an affordable price. Does its job nicely. Happy with the purchase.', 'Excellent value for money 💰 go for it budget machine for every families ,easy to use & thickness', 'Highly noisy while using this', 'Best quality', 'Good'], ['Good', "It's very easy to use and once the cloth starts washing u don't have to worry about it", 'Osm product', 'Good product', "It's amazing product", 'Good product', 'The washing machine is working fine and very easy to use.', 'They are providing old machine ( more than 2 years) so no warranty is available', 'Very Nice 👍 5 star from my side ,Good Services ,Fastest Dilevery , Quick Installation good Quality Product .', 'NO TEXTUAL REVIEW'], ['Samsung is not coming for demo and installation even after reminders', "Dents on the body, was really in need of it so didn't applied for replacement, working well, but wash quality is bad really bad,  normal mode, quick wash mode, and delicate mode, in every mode, tube turbine just slightly rotates the clothes, semi automatic machines washes clothes better than this turbine...", 'The washing machine is very easy to use. Value for money', 'Good product 👌👌', 'Very good product and service of Samsung brand..Must buy ..', 'Very good', 'Poor quality', '', 'I like the way easy to use, and value for money', 'Little noisy apart from that no issues'], ['Value for  money', 'Easy to use', "Hi all, loved the product it's really worth of paying.. It's user friendly.. Easy to use.. I have rated 5/5..", 'Machine drum is moving very slow hence cloths cleaning quality is not good', 'It does the job well. Delivery was super quick and installation was done within 24 hours. Hassle free experience', 'Really good', 'Good product', 'Good', 'Getting good experience', 'Good product'], ['Value for  money', 'Easy to use', "Hi all, loved the product it's really worth of paying.. It's user friendly.. Easy to use.. I have rated 5/5..", 'Machine drum is moving very slow hence cloths cleaning quality is not good', 'It does the job well. Delivery was super quick and installation was done within 24 hours. Hassle free experience', 'Really good', 'Good product', 'Good', 'Getting good experience', 'Good product'], ['Awesome product', 'Not good for daily and hard wash... Please think and en sure your requirement before buying this product... Struggling now because the return period was over...', "In time 30min but it's running more than 1hr", 'NOT washing properly', 'Easy-to-use', 'Very good product and installation service also very good...... after sell service Biswajit Biswas doing well and very polite behaviour', 'Received dent product defected', 'Good product, easy to use, easy to control must buy this product value for money', 'GREAT PRODUCT , VERY USER FRIENDLY', 'It is good product and help full for usage for every one']]